dm , pas , psd , eds and amr . we achieve state - of - the - art performance on three of the four datasets in terms of f1 score , and a very competitive performance on the eds test set with a score of 76 . 3 ± 0 . 1 and 77 . 6 smatch f . note that the performance of peng et al . on amr 2017 test set is lower than that of their basic model , which we believe is due to the fact that the test set of amr 2015 and 2016 was not drawn from the same training set as that of the other two datasets .
s5ss1sss0px4 results we first compare the performance of biobert and bert on the mednli datasets . the results show that both models outperform the snli ( s ) and mnli ( m ) baselines in the cross - validation setting , which confirms the effectiveness of the proposed approach . further , we find that the extended versions of the mednli datasets perform better than the original datasets , which shows the benefit of continuous learning of entailment and nli across multiple tasks . in addition , we note that there is no significant difference between the models trained on the original and the extended datasets .
we evaluate elmo on the sst2 task in table 2 . we show the model performance for the “ no - project ” and “ but ” groups , and compare the model ’ s performance for negated and but - but - b sentences . the distillation model performs better than the no - project model for both groups , suggesting that the distillation process encourages elmo to focus more on the correct label of the target label .
the task was done using fleiss ’ kappa to measure inter - annotator agreement with the labels assigned by the evaluators . the cohen ’ s kappa is used to measure the degree of agreement between the two annotators , which is normalized using pearson ’ s r . we used a threshold of 0 . 5 to reject sentences which get tagged as neutral and those which got tagged as non - neutral . the thresholds range from 0 . 50 to 0 . 75 . when the thresholds are above a threshold ( 0 . 5 ) , a sentence is considered to be labeled as neutral if its label is the majority label in the sst2 dataset . when thresholds are below these thresholds , a random sample of 1 , 000 sentences is used as the final label . for the no - project and no - distill settings , the elmo classifier performs better than the baseline on the neutral sentences , but worse on the flipped - noun ones . this shows that the task is difficult , and that elmo is better at classifying neutral sentences when presented with examples of the same label as the majority class .
from the results , we can see that : ( 1 ) using both tf and idf information improves the f - score of the proposed embeddings significantly . this is due to the fact that the idf information plays an important role in separating the positive and negative classes : the higher the score is , the more positive the category label is . ( 2 ) using only one of the embedding dimensionality of the given concept input outperforms the other one , which demonstrates the advantage of using a larger dimensionality in our embedding layer . ( 3 ) using the description information does not improve the idf score . the reason may be related to the lack of enough training data to train a description embedding for this task .
the idf score is used to measure the precision , recall , and f - score of each of the three parts of the test set , i . e . , the percentage of items that are labelled as t / n and both , and the recall percentage of the items classified as both . we can see that the performance of the embeddings based on semantic concepts is significantly better than the ones based on textual concepts : the pearson ’ s r - squared value is . 929 and . 927 for idf and tf - idf , respectively , and . 898 and . 916 for both .
avg_cos_sim shows the average precision , recall , and f - measure of the three different embedding sets obtained from the different methods . the label embeddings show a statistically significant difference ( p < 0 . 001 ) between the results reported in gong et al . ( tagged ) and our results ( unigram , bigram , and trigram ) . regarding the second research topic , topic_science was chosen as the main topic due to its larger size than topic_wiki , which was also the source of most of the noise . here , the results show that our method outperforms both baselines in terms of both precision and recall in both cases .
the results show that the cnn and lstm models outperform the baseline by a large margin in terms of both dict and mrr when using the full cnn and list cnns , but the results are slightly worse when using a list cnn . we also see that the c - lstm model performs better than the bl + c - cnn model , which is a strong bidirectional language model .
as can be seen from the table , sat consistently outperforms the baselines with a speedup ranging from 1 . 2 × to 3 . 6 × on both wmt and iwslt tasks . moreover , the speedup is even greater when the number of attention heads is increased from 1 to 4 , indicating the importance of having multiple heads in the attention layer .
s - lstm with a dummy node has the same number of hidden units as in the movie review model , but the size of its hidden layers is reduced from 10 , 321k to 4 , 891k to reduce the model size to 8 , 768k . the model size is also reduced from 7 , 216k to 6 , 002k to save the computational cost . with the smaller hidden size , the model is able to achieve an accuracy of 82 . 64 % with a small number of parameters , which is slightly better than the model with a hidden size of 900 .
for a fair comparison , we use the same number of stacked cnn layers and number of transformer layers for all our experiments . we can see that the time complexity of stacked bilstm is similar to that of lstm and cnn , while the number of parameters of all transformer models is about 1 / 8 of that of them . for the stacked cnn models , the accuracy is slightly higher than that of the stacked lstms , but the time to do so is much smaller . for instance , for a stacked cnn model with n = 6 , the time taken to do the prediction is only 1 / 4 of that required by the standard transformer model with 8 layers . the accuracy achieved by our model is also 1 / 3 of the time cost of the standard transformer model with 6 layers , which makes our model approximately 3 times faster .
our s - lstm model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models by 1 . 53 % in terms of accuracy on the test set . note that our model is much simpler than the ones used in \ newcitesocher2011semi and \ newcitewang2012semantic , and does not require any heavy feature engineering effort . moreover , it is also much faster than the transformer , which requires 8 - layer transformer to be trained and tested on the same dataset .
the time complexity of slstm and bilstm models is measured by the average number of frames per second ( ms ) , while the time taken by the 2 - layers models is proportional to the number of videos . we can observe that slstms are able to achieve the best performance in terms of time complexity , whereas bi - lstms and cnns are the slowest ones . however , the time complexity is not negatively correlated with the performance of these models . for instance , a 2 - layer cnn can achieve accuracies of 88 . 07 % and 88 . 05 % on the dvd and kitchen datasets , respectively , while a single layer cnn achieves accuracy of 87 . 05 % . in terms of training time , we can see that a 2 layer cnn is more than three times faster than a 1 layer cnn . moreover , the training time of a 1 - layer bidirectional lstm is only 1 time slower than that of a 2 layered lstms .
we observe that the stacked bi - lstm model outperforms all previous models , achieving a state - of - the - art result of 97 . 55 % accuracy on the ptb test set . we also observe that even a single stacked birnn can achieve this performance , outperforming the previous best result of ma2016end by 0 . 8 % accuracy .
the s - lstm model achieved state - of - the - art results when trained and tested on the conll - 2009 spanish dataset . it significantly outperformed the previous best model , \ newcitejuan2016neural , by 1 . 8 points in f1 score . our model also outperformed \ newciteweisser2017semi , a neural semi - supervised model based on a multi - task learning framework , by 2 . 6 points . note that we only compare our model with the best published results , which are all based on neural semi neural models . we also observed that stacked bilstms performed the best in our experiments , despite the fact that they were not trained on the same data as our model .
the baseline is a logistic regression classifier with cross - entropy as described in the main paper on the e2e dataset . our own results correspond to the best single - model results of ten runs and single result of best single model on the development set . both character and word embeddings outperform the baseline by a large margin , and the char . elder embedding achieves the best result on the challenge dataset , and outperforms the baseline in terms of bleu and rouge - l .
melbourne is the best performing system on the challenge , followed by tilburg - smt and upf - forge , and character - based systems are best on the development set . on the webnlg test set , our best results correspond to the char . ( best on dev . ) and word . ( avg . best on dev . ) , with improvements of 1 . 7 and 0 . 8 bleu and rouge - l respectively over the baseline . the difference between the dev . and test sets is small , less than 0 . 1 . despite the small size of the dataset , our results are competitive with the top systems .
increasing the number of layers in synst ’ s parse decoder significantly decreases the speedup while marginally affecting bleu . we find that increasing the maximum chunk size from { 1 … 6 } to { 1 → 6 } results in a 3 . 1 × speedup and a 1 . 4 × bleus improvement , while having a negligible impact on speedup . increasing the size of the chunk size beyond 6 does not result in any significant gains in terms of speedup , and actually hampers the overall speedup ( theoretically , larger chunks allow for more capacity in the decoder to fit more sentences per second into the memory , thus potentially increasing the total number of parameters ) .
in the e2e dev set , we see that char . char . the human evaluation shows that webnlg benefits from using human - annotated references to improve bleu and rouge - l . however , the improvement in human evaluation is not as pronounced as in the dev set . we believe that this is due to the fact that human annotators have differing requirements for what constitutes a “ better ” or “ worse ” response depending on the context .
in terms of overall correctness , we can see that the char . version of e2e is slightly better than the word version for most of the content errors . however , there are a few minor spelling mistakes and punctuation errors , which can be handled by simply replacing the entire spelling with the correct spelling in the original text ( as done by \ newcitedblp : journals / corr / abs - neco / webnlg ) . as for linguistic errors , content errors are the most common ones , which are caused by repeated ( or added ) information . the content errors of webnlg are less than 10 % for all information types . the linguistic errors of content are caused mostly by repetitions of the input text and misspellings .
in terms of the number of unique sentences , e2e exhibits a higher percentage of sentences with unique sentences than webnlg . in addition , the percentage of completely new texts is much higher than in the case of human authored texts ( 99 . 7 % vs . 16 . 7 % ) . the character embeddings exhibit a slightly lower percentage of new texts than the human text . this is likely a result of the fact that the character embedding is better able to better represent the structure of sentences in the human language than the other embedding methods .
as expected , template 1 produces the most correct texts ( avg . c @ n : avg . number of correct texts among the top 30 most frequent hypotheses ) , and template 2 produces the second - most correct texts , scoring 1 . 9 % and 1 . 3 % more correct texts than template { 1 + 2 } . adding a reranker further improves the performance to 1 . 7 % c @ 30 , and template { 2 + 2 } produces the next best text , scoring 3 . 3 % .
the first section is prefix baselines , the second section is recent unsupervised methods , the third section is the state - of - the - art supervised method along with our implementation of a seq - to - seq model with attention , the bottom section is our model ’ s implementation of an abstractive summarization model along with the contextual oracle . we note that the best score of cao et al . ( 2018 ) is by author correspondence , which we attempted to replicate on our test set , but were unable to replicate due to difficulty with the evaluation setup .
the supervised results are in the middle section of the table , where filippova and altun ( 2013 ) provide supervised results . the unsupervised f & a is an implementation of the supervised baseline . the contextual match baseline is the same as used in the previous section , and the contextual match is the supervised results obtained by applying the proposed contextual match algorithm . the oracle achieves 82 . 1 % token overlapping score and 0 . 39 % compression rate , which outperforms the previous best published results .
in order to evaluate the impact of contextual representation in the matching model , we conduct ablation experiments on the cs and extractive models . we can see that adding the cs features significantly improves the performance of the model . the extractive model benefits from having access to the context of the entire document as it is much more difficult to extractive than the abstractive model . in addition , the best performance is achieved by using the top - level representation ( cf . cs + top ) , mid - level ( cs + avg ) , and bottom - level representations ( caption + bot ) as the matching agents . the experimental results show that the representation of the context plays an important role in the model ’ s performance .
for the ext . and mv sub - tasks , we submitted models for official evaluation on the test set of the conll - 2009 ner task . the models were submitted using the official evaluation scripts provided by the ner evaluation committee . for each sub - task , models were trained and evaluated on the in - domain train set and tested on the out - of - domain test set . the results show that models trained on one task perform better than those trained on other for the both ext . and vc . for example , for the mv classifier , the model trained on task 1 ( ext . ) . the results for task 2 ( mv classifier ) are slightly worse than those for task 1 , indicating that there is still room for improvement for the model to improve .
we first compare the predicted chunk sequences from the parse decoder to the ground - truth chunk sequences ( either extracted from a parser in the target language or from a external parser ) in terms of f1 score and exact match with the chunk sequences obtained after parsing the predicted parse . we also evaluate the quality of the translation produced by the token decoder . when the predicted parser diverges from the predicted sequence , it usually translates into a translation that is closer to the target syntax than to the parse output . on the other hand , when the decoder closely follows the chunk sequence ( i . e . , translating from a language that has a more similar grammar to the source language ) it tends to make a more accurate prediction . in all cases , the f1 scores obtained when jointly training the two decoders are higher than when they are trained separately .
we can see that using a cnn as the decoder results in worse performance than using a plain rnn as decoder , which is consistent with the observations in \ newcitesidaw12acl . we also observe that using an always - sampling decoder ( i . e . , always sampling and uniform sampling ) , which is similar to our proposed teacher forcing method , does not perform as well as using a convolutional layer or an auto - regressive model .
our sentence encodings are obtained using bidirectional lstms with a sentence embedding dimension of 3200 and the maximum length of each sentence is 200 . we achieve the best results for the sentence encoder type rnn and the decoder type cnn with a dimension of 600 - 1200 - 300 and a decoding time of 20 hours . we also compare the performance of different combinations of rnn , cnn and lstm with different encoders and decoders . we find that a 2x300 convolutional rnn encoder with 20 hours of training time outperforms the rnn with 2 × 300 and 3 × 300 cnn encoder and decoder layers .
for training nmt models we use full word and byte pair encoded vocabularies . even with a vocabulary size of 50k , the byte pair model performs better than the full word model . this shows that the byte - pair model is able to learn richer byte - level representations of the source and target languages which are beneficial for the downstream tasks .
syl - lstm , syl - cnn , and syl - avg perform better than the lstm - word models , however , the performance of the average and average - based models is slightly worse than that of the single character - level models . this may be due to the fact that the average representations are trained on the entire training set rather than just a subset of the positive and negative examples , which may introduce some noise into the resulting representations . on the other hand , the syl - sum model achieves the best performance on the test set , outperforming all the other models by a large margin . syl - combination and sum - a further improves the performance by 0 . 6 % and 0 . 8 % respectively .
char - cnns outperform syl - concat and syl - sum by a large margin in almost all languages , and the gains are statistically significant ( t - test , p - value < 0 . 01 ) across all language pairs . the character - based models outperform the two word - level models by a significant margin ( p - value < 0 . 05 ) in english , which is a morphologically - rich language with rich agglutinative features . the gains are smaller in languages with less rich morphology ( es , fr , es , de , cs , ru , cs and ru ) . for data partitioning ( data - s and data - l ) , the performance of the three models is very close and even surpasses the results of the combined model .
to further improve the rhn model , we replace the lstm layer in rhn - char - cnn with a simple yet effective character - level character n - gram language model ( rhn - syl - concat ) . we observe that the perplexity decreases from 67 . 6 % to 72 . 0 % when the depth is increased from 8 to 439 , which shows the effectiveness of the proposed method . moreover , when we increase the depth to 8 and the dlm size from 650 to 20m , the perplexities further decrease to 69 . 4 % and 70 . 4 % , which shows that the model is able to utilize the character information to improve the language modeling performance .
in this section , we investigate the effect of adding titles to the premise of fever claims by adding the words “ support ” and “ claim ” to the input text . the results show that adding a title improves the ability of the model to produce good results . in particular , the support accuracy of the esim model increases from . 760 to . 846 and the claim accuracy from . 639 to . 622 . the transformer model achieves the best results with . 958 and . 823 in terms of support and claim accuracy respectively .
in this section , we analyze the effect of not concatenating the evidence with the fever claim or not . in the oracle setting , we concatenate the claim and the supporting evidence to obtain the final fever claims . we can see that there is no significant difference between the two setups . this shows that fever does not need to be concatenated with the claim .
single - evidence claims refers to the claims that are only supported by a tfidf summary . we can see that the fever - based system achieves 66 . 1 % in terms of evidence retrieval , and 68 . 3 % if only the titles of the relevant documents are used as the evidence . providing full documents as additional evidence can increase this to 81 . 2 % and 90 . 1 % , which is an absolute improvement of 2 . 5 % .
fever score refers to the percentage of claims that are deemed essential to the success of the system . an oracle score is used when the fever score on the development set is greater than or equal to 0 . 5 . the system using the ne + film retrieval model achieves . 5736 on development set , . 5539 on test set , and . 5844 on development and test set .
we can see that the majority of the image pairs ( 38 pairs ) are correct ( 84 . 2 % ) and the difference between the accuracy @ 1 and @ 5 and @ 10 is minimal ( 28 . 6 % ) . the least accurate pair is the new image pair ( 7 pairs ) which has an accuracy @ 10 of 42 . 9 % . this is due to the fact that this image pair was not seen during training and is therefore not part of the training set .
as can be seen from the table , the results show that the best results are obtained using only in - vocabulary pairs ( i . e . , previous or current up - to - now ) and using all pairs , whereas the results obtained using separate embeddings ( separate ) do not achieve good results . separate performs worse than any of the other two approaches , which indicates that it is harder to learn a good embedding space for oovs . however , the result obtained using bilingual embedding is better than using the multilingual embedding .
for tl2rtl ( lτ ) , we use the direct path prediction objective defined by \ newcitelevy - etal - 2018 - indirect : o ( n2 ) = { o ( n1 , n2 ) = 1 , … , n + 1 , n , 1 } for our experiments . note that the best performance is achieved using direct path matching with the cosine similarity measure , which is the one used in the original paper . we also observe that the addition of the temporal latent variables , lτce and lτh , do not lead to significant improvements in terms of f - score . the reason may be that the local latent variables do not contribute to the prediction of the relation between two entities .
as can be seen in the table , in general the performance of our approach is comparable to the one of \ newciteallony and \ newciteneelakantan - etal - 2019 - towards when all the features are used ( i . e . , 0 . 23 and 0 . 25 accuracy for all and half measures ) , but it is significantly lower when half measures are used . this shows that the effect of using half measures is negligible in comparison to using all features . however , in the case of the legal onion dataset , the accuracy is higher than that of the other two datasets , half measures being half measures and all measures being full measures . one possible reason for this is that the average length of the sentences in the illegal onion dataset is much longer than the one in the all - measures dataset ( 6 . 5 sentences vs . 4 sentences ) . therefore , the extraction of half measures from a long sentence is more difficult .
we define a wikifiable named entity as a website which has at least one associated wikipedia link . we define this as the percentage of entities in the entire website that are known to be associated with a wikipedia page . for example , for the illegal onion website , 32 . 5 % of its website ’ s users are also associated with wikipedia pages . for legal onion , we define this percentage to be 50 . 8 % . we observe a similar trend for the other website , with 38 . 6 % of all items in the legal onion domain being covered by wikifiable entities .
s3 , s07 , s13 , s15 , and s15 . in particular , our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models across all test sets . across the board , the performance of our model is competitive with the best previously published results .
s2 , s3 , s07 , s13 , and s15 . our best performing model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art results reported in raganato et al . ( 2017b ) by 1 . 8 f1 points , 1 . 7 f1 point , and 1 . 4 f1 score , respectively . note that we use the same hyperparameters for all of the systems as those reported in the original paper . our model performs best on s2 and s3 .
as can be seen , the context - aware models outperform the single - context models by a large margin in terms of bleu score . the best overall performance is achieved by the pruning model ( ppr , w2w ) , although the performance of the other models is not as good as that of the ppr + w2w model . furthermore , we can see that the best context - only model is still dfs_ppr , which shows that context information is helpful even if the model only has a single context sentence as context .
we compare our proposed hn - sa model with the following state - of - the - art models : ( 1 ) cnn kim et al . our proposed model achieves 89 . 47 % and 95 . 92 % accuracy on swbd and swbd2 datasets , respectively , which are the new state of the art results on both datasets . note that the previous best accuracy ( cnn + svm ) is reported on the swbd dataset in 2014 . we can see that our proposed model outperforms cnn by a large margin , e . g . , it achieves 87 . 76 % and 93 . 87 % accuracy when using bow features and svm classifiers , respectively .
comparing with existing approaches , we can see that there is a significant gap between the original seq2seq model and existing approaches . for example , compared with our proposed irnet , the exact matching accuracy drops from 53 . 2 % to 46 . 7 % and from 61 . 9 % to 54 . 7 % , respectively . this shows that the proposed framework is very effective in dealing with complex sql queries . we can also see that bert has a large impact on the performance as compared with the other two pre - trained language models . this is because bert is trained on a large general language model like scibert , and the performance of this model on sql queries is directly related to the accuracy of the corresponding sql query .
from this table , we can see that the accuracy of different models on the hard level is higher than that of the easy level ( e . g . , 70 . 1 % for syntaxsqlnet , 58 . 7 % for irnet and 49 . 2 % for bert ) , while the accuracy on the medium and hard levels is lower ( 16 . 3 % and 19 . 1 % , respectively ) . this indicates that the problem of out - of - distribution sql models is more severe when the training set is hard . as a result , the exact matching accuracy of all the models is lower than 50 % . however , irnet ( bert ) is still the best one among all the compared models .
from the table , we can see that all the three approaches are able to match the accuracy of sql queries generated by the semql pipeline better than that of semql queries , which indicates that syntactic knowledge is helpful to sql generation . the best matching accuracy is achieved by the proposed syntaxsqlnet model with 25 . 0 % and 35 . 8 % exact matching accuracy on sql and semql , respectively . note that the results are better than those of typesql and sqlnet , but not as good as those of seq2seq + copying and typesql . the reason is that those two approaches are designed for one - shot sql generation , while our approach is designed for two - stage sql generation in two stages , which makes them more suitable for multi - task learning .
the bert classifier achieves the highest accuracy on the supports and refutes cases , outperforming the other classifiers . the nsmn classifier has the lowest accuracy , which we attribute to its inability to distinguish between the strongly agree and strongly disagree cases . esim and bert have similar accuracies on the generated pairs , with bert slightly better than the other two .
for each bigram , we show the mean and standard deviation of its embedding vectors lmi ⋅ 10 − 6 with respect to the number of times it appears in the training set and the corresponding development set , and also the corresponding p ( l | w ) of the embedding of the bigram for each word w corresponding to that bigram . we see that words which appear in the development set tend to have higher values of lmi than those in the train set . for example , the words “ won award ” and “ american actor ” , which are used in the united states and america biographies respectively , have values lmi of 0 . 80 and 0 . 45 respectively . similarly , the term “ people who ” is also associated with a high lmi value , but its score is only 0 . 61 .
in order to put this into perspective , we compare the performance of a newsqa bidaf baseline vs . one finetuned on squad using the data generated by a 2 - stage synnet ( snet ) . the finetuning is done on the training set of the qa - related newswire qa task , mnewsqa . we find that the gap between the two approaches is small ( 0 . 2 and 0 . 3 in terms of em and f1 scores ) , which shows that the news - grounded qa models are able to bridge the gap when provided with the same amount of training data as the snet .
in this section , we compare the seq2seq model with the human simulator and the goal - oriented dialogue agent . we observe that the goal oriented dialogue agent can achieve more than 70 % success rate when compared to the human agent . however , the number of action taken by the agent is lower than that achieved by humans . we conjecture that this is because humans tend to use the human language to encourage the agent to move faster and thus more efficiently search for the goal . on the other hand , our model outperforms humans in terms of goal success rate . we attribute this to the fact that our agent is able to exploit the multi - granularity information provided by the dialog state tracking module .
for nouns , verbs , adverbs , adjectives , and conjunctions , the fraction of infrequent pos tags that do not have a fixed pos tag is 21 . 0 % , 1 . 9 % , and 0 . 4 % , respectively , in zh ⇒ en , en ⇇ fr , and ja , respectively . regarding other pos tags , a significant share ( 26 . 7 % ) of the sentences contains one of the following types : prepending , denotation , disambiguation , conjunct , quotation marks , and prepositions . in terms of fertility , we can see that a significant fraction ( 50 . 2 % ) of sentences containing a fertility term is also used as a pos tag , and the percentage of others is also present ( 4 . 7 % ) . we can also see that the proportion of others is also higher than the other types ( 21 . 7 % ) , and this is likely due to the fact that fertility terms are usually used in conjunction with other terms ( e . g . , “ in a relationship ” , “ wanting to get married ” ) .
semeval - 15 acc . and macro - f1 . from the table , we can see that : ( 1 ) semisupervised he et al . the sentence - level supervised method achieves the best performance on both datasets , which proves the effectiveness of the supervised sentence embeddings . ( 2 ) our bilstm - 104 sentence training model outperforms all the baselines and achieves the new state - of - the - art results on both the datasets . especially , our model achieves a significant improvement of 2 . 5 % and 2 . 3 % on semevals - 15 and - 16 , respectively , which verifies the effectiveness and generalizability of our model . ( 3 ) our model with sentence - encoding - based methods achieve the best results on two datasets , achieving the best accuracy and macro - f1 scores of 80 . 24 % and 69 . 76 % , respectively . this verifies that our sentence encoder is effective for the ner task . ( 4 ) we also compare our model with the semantic sentence sentence encoder heet al . ( 2018b ) , which is a deep neural network model based on multiple layers of sentence encoders and multi - task learning with supervision on both semantic and non - sentence long - term memory ( slm ) encoders . it can be seen that our model beats all the baseline methods by a large margin , which further verifies its effectiveness . ( 5 ) semantic sentence sentence modeling task is more challenging than short - term memory modeling task . the reason is that the length of semantic sentences is usually long , which makes it hard for the model to find the sentence boundary when there are multiple sentences in a single sentence .
we perform two sets of ablation studies on the bidaf model . in study a , we vary k , the number of mini - batches from squad for every batch in newsqa , and vary the answer type and how much of the paragraph we use for question synthesis . 2 − sent refers to using two sentences before answer span , while all refers to the entire paragraph . we find that using the human - annotated answers rather than the ner system results in a significant boost in both em and f1 . we also find that both using the full paragraph and using the answer span to generate questions ( i . e . , all + aoracle ) outperform using the n - gram aner system . finally , we find that the combination of all three components , i . e . using the complete paragraph as the answer , outperforms using the 2 - sentence version of the answer and the 3 - sentences version . this shows the importance of taking advantage of all available information from the paragraph to generate the question .
s5ss0sss0px3 health , bio . the health schedule outperforms the bio schedule in general , and the health → all - biomed schedule is the best overall , showing that the health and bio schedules are complementary to each other .
uniform ensembling . health → all - biomed → health , health → bio , and bio → bio . we see that in general , training a single model to perform well on both health and bio tasks is difficult . uniform ensemble outperforms all other models in all cases . in particular , in health , uniform ensemble yields a bleu score of 52 . 2 on es2en and 43 . 0 on bio , which outperforms the best single model by a large margin . in contrast , in the health case uniform ensemble performs worse than training one single model on the bio task . we hypothesize that the health model is overfitted on the in - domain data while the bio model is pretrained on all the biomedical data in the other direction . uniform ensemble also performs better than training single models across all domains .
in the english - german language pair , we use the wmt ’ 17 en - de evaluation campaign sponsored by the conference on spoken language translation and evaluation ( cochrane et al . , 2017 ) to evaluate models for both the news and the news → all - biomed language pairs . the bleu scores are given in terms of the number of correctly translated sentences in the test set . uniform ensembling results in large improvements for the news - only and news - all biomedicine - based models , and small improvements in the case of the cochrane model . in the en2en - to - german setting , the uniform ensemble outperforms all other ensembles by a small but consistent margin . bi ensemble results in further improvements , reaching a maximum of 1 . 8 bleus on the final test set , and a mean of 2 . 2 bleùs .
uniform ensembles were used for submission based on results on available development data . bi was applied on the wmt19 test data to fine - tune models for a range of α from 0 . 1 to 0 . 5 . we observe that bi leads to small but consistent improvements across all language pairs . small deviations from the official test scores on en2en and en2es are due to tokenization differences . when scaled to α = 0 . 5 , bi produces models with a uniform uniform ensembling and a small number of distinct models per language pair . however , as α increases , bi tends to produce models with more distinct models across languages . this suggests that adaptive smoothing has a positive impact on both uniform and distributed models .
we conduct experiments on two data sets to evaluate the performance of the proposed model . the first data set is named scrawl treebank and the second one is called escape extractive treebank ( escape treebank ) . the bleu score of the model on the development set is 77 . 15 and the score on the test set is 37 . 68 . the models are trained and tested on both the training and development sets .
ensemble x5 is the ensemble of 5 models trained with different random seeds and different random hyper - parameter initializations , and it achieves the best result in terms of ter and bleu score .
uniform and ensemble x5 . the bleu score for process mt is 76 . 61 % and 77 . 13 % , respectively . the ensemble x5 model achieves 77 . 22 % , which is + 0 . 5 points higher than the previous best result .
we can see that the best results are obtained for the first condition , which is the one that has the highest number of examples in terms of grammatical diversity . the second condition is the hardest to predict because it requires the most extensive understanding of the text and the longest average time to answer the questions . the third condition is confusing because it is the only one that requires a background knowledge about the text other than what is contained in the training set . in terms of time , it is surprisingly easy to predict the correct answer for most of the conditions without any prior knowledge about what the text is about . the hardest conditions are the advisory and geoquery conditions , where the amount of training data is small and the model is not trained on enough examples . the fourth and fifth conditions are lexical examples , which are the most time consuming since they require the model to go through the entire training set to select a set of examples . finally , the last condition is unique to the qa - qa task and results in the lowest diversity .
s4ss3sss0px3 comparison with baselines . we compare our method with the hosg framework proposed by \ newcitecotterell et al . as can be seen from the table , our method outperforms the baselines by a large margin on the verb and frame tasks , and achieves the best performance on the object and verb tasks . on the object task , the f1 score of our method is higher than that of the baseline by about 2 points , and on the subject and frame task by around 2 points . note that the performance of the verb task is better than the frame task because the latter task is more difficult due to the presence of noisy parts in the vocabulary .
we can see that lda - frames outperforms all the other methods and achieves the highest scores on both datasets . on the nipu dataset , the performance of the whole model is 24 . 14 % and the best result is obtained by the k - means method , which achieves a f1 - score of 36 . 99 % .
rr achieves a max f1 score of 54 . 92 % and 50 . 99 % for french - english and 59 . 62 % for english - french , respectively . the rr model achieves a 10 - point improvement over the current state - of - the - art . the best performing model is rr_fr_1step which achieves 68 . 35 % of max f1 and 64 . 42 % of 11 - point iap . this result shows the effectiveness of our method in the context of multi - step document extraction .
rr achieves 60 . 88 % and 58 . 79 % in terms of max f1 and 11 - point iap , respectively , compared to the state of the art of 51 . 35 % reported by \ newcitedblp : journals / corr / abs - 1907 - 0909 - 10683 . we observe that rr is able to improve the state - of - the - art by 1 . 87 % and 1 . 55 % absolute f1 , respectively . the rr_fr_1step method performs slightly worse than rr due to the small amount of training data . however , rr based methods outperform the rr baseline by 2 . 76 % and 2 . 26 % absolute on the same evaluation measures . this result shows the effectiveness of our rr method .
we perform experiments on four datasets related to biology : cadec , conll2003 , craft , jnlpba , and scienceie . the first set of datasets is derived from the reuters rcv1 corpus , which contains newswire articles about medical problems and treatments . the second set is extracted from the askapatient dataset , which is a forum where users can discuss their experiences with medications . the third set is obtained from the commoncapsnets , which are related to patents and drug companies . the fourth set is from the ge healthcare data set , which consists of 9 object - based types , i . e . , “ action , consumptions , device , location , method , reagent , speed , time ” , “ numerical , generic - label , ph , type ” and “ mention , modifier , seal ” . each of these types is associated with a set of domain - specific entity types , e . g . “ disease name ” or “ allurencence ” in the description of a drug . for each of the above types , we use the top 10 most frequently occurring entity types from the original wikipedia as features . then , we fine - tune the feature embeddings for each of these entity types on the training set of each dataset , and select the features with the best performance on the validation set of that type .
we first investigate the correlation coefficients between the word vectors and the effectiveness of the pretrained models . we observe that the scores of tvc and tvcc are positively correlated with the scores obtained by the pretraining models . this indicates that word vectors learned from the tvc corpus are more transferable and effective than the ones learned from wvv corpus . we also observe that ppl is negatively correlated with pretraining performance , which implies that the language model quality is influenced by the quality of pretraining data obtained from tvc rather than the quality obtained from word vectors .
we first compare our best publicly available pretrained models against the ones which are pretrained on much larger publicly available datasets , which are all supervised by elmo peters et al . we observe that our best elmo model outperforms the glove pretrained model on cadec , conll2003 , craft , jnlpba , scienceie , and wetlab , and is only slightly worse than our best pretrained word vectors on the wiki dataset .
s4ss3sss0px2 how does the quality of pretrained word vectors affect the effectiveness of pre - trained word embeddings ? we conduct an ablation study on word2vec to investigate the impact of hyper - parameter settings on the overall effectiveness of our proposed method . for a fair comparison , we also set the default setting of our method as ‘ def ’ , while ‘ opt ’ is used in the original word2vec model . we observe that our method significantly outperforms the default on all the datasets .
in order to better understand the types of discrepancy in context - agnostic translation caused by deixis , we looked into the output of the lstm - cpt system . we observe that 73 % of the errors are caused by t - v distinction . the most common error type is caused by the speaker / addressee gender : 22 % and 10 % for same and different speakers respectively . we also observe other errors such as the speaker being different or difficult to distinguish ( e . g . anaphora ) and the context being too long or too short ( exact gender ) .
sglr consistently improves over random initializations for all relation types , and outperforms rc with fixed sg initializations across all intervals . furthermore , the performance of rc with sg fixed initializations is consistently better than rc with initializations of 0 – 100 , 100 – 500 , and 500 + relations . this shows that initializing with sg is beneficial for relation types with low average argument token frequency in the training data .
we compare the performance of our rc model with the state - of - the - art models and the baselines in the clinical tempeval 2016 challenge on the mimic - iii benchmark . the evaluation metric used in this benchmark is precision , recall , and f1 score . training with a random initialization of the sg embeddings leads to a significant drop in performance across the board . however , when we fix the embedding vectors during training and use the same sg embedding initialization as in the previous experiment , the performance significantly improves , ranging from 1 . 6 % to 3 . 8 % absolute in terms of f1 - score . this shows that our model benefits from having access to a larger set of specialized resources .
we perform an error analysis on 50 fp and 50 fn ( random sample from test set ) to see how our model performs with respect to the ground truth . we notice that the initial sg setting performs better than rc for most of the error types . however , the performance of rc tends to be better for infrequent arguments and cross - clause relations ( ccr ) but worse for frequent arguments and mistake in ground - truth . a possible explanation for this is that the model has not yet learned to recognize the regular expression of the clause boundary , and thus it tends to insert new clauses that are not part of the same clause ( e . g . new lines ) .
results for all the models are shown in tab . as can be seen , ling + n2v significantly outperforms ling in all three tasks , and in two of the cases , the difference is statistically significant ( p < 0 . 05 , also for the following results ) . the difference between random and pv is not statistically significant .
for simplicity , we focus on the number of sentences , i . e . number of segments , to show the size of the extracted segmentation results . the number of inserted segmented sentences is proportional to number of words in the original text . for instance , for the language group bulgarian ( see en – bg ) , we obtain 1 . 4m fewer sentences than english ( 1 . 2m vs . 1 . 7m ) . for other language groups , such as english - bulgarian ( en – bg ) and english - romanian , we obtain more than 1 . 6m and 1 . 8m sentence pairs , respectively . in addition , we also acquire 1 . 3m and 2 . 1m wikipedia articles for bulgarian and bulgarian ( en - bg and en - bl ) , respectively . we also acquire a large number of articles for several language groups including english - portuguese .
in order to better understand the types of discrepancy in context - agnostic translation caused by ellipsis , we perform an error analysis . we randomly sample 20 % of the sentences in the validation set of the mscoco test set that do not contain any ellipse . the most common error is caused by wrong morphological form ( 66 % ) , followed by wrong verb ( 20 % ) and other error ( 14 % ) . we observe that the most frequent error type involves the derivation of wrong verbs ( vp - ellipsis ) , while morphological forms are the least common error .
we observe that both bilstm and bert models significantly outperform the bow + logreg model , with bert being the best performing model on the dev set . we also observe that the model with the highest accuracy on the development set , m . 3 ( bert ) , is significantly different from the models with the lowest accuracy ( m . 1 ) on the sst - 2 dev set ( p < 0 . 01 using bonferroni correction ) . therefore , we conclude that bert may be overfitting the training data .
in order to evaluate the performance of the ensembled model , we use the standard dot - product similarity metric to compute the cosine similarity between the word embedding vector and the bleu score . the metric is defined as follows : for each test condition , we report the mean and standard deviation of cosine similarities of the embedding vectors of the model ’ s predictions on the test set . seen pairings : this is the subset of the test conditions that are present in the training set . unseen relationships : these are the unseen pairs that are not present in training set but are part of the unseen relations test set ( i . e . are present at test time ) . unseen modifiers : the unseen modifiers are the ones that were not present at training time . in this subset of test conditions , we also report the results of the ensemble model . the standard deviation is computed by summing the standard deviations of the individual models ’ predictions across all test conditions . the results show that the ensemble achieves the best performance in the unseen pairings and unseen modifiers . in addition , the ensemble outperforms the simple dot product similarity metric in the case of both rgb and hsv . this is due to the fact that the combination of the two similarity measures ( cosine similarity and similarity sd ) produces better results than the individual similarity measures alone .
results for cadec trained with p = 0 . 5 are shown in table 6 . these results show that cadec outperforms the baseline by 0 . 38 bleu points .
the f & c dataset is divided into a train set , a dev set , and a test set . we use the dev set to tune the parameters , and use the test set for hyperparameter tuning . we train the model on the original dataset , and evaluate it on the dev and test sets . we also evaluate the model ’ s performance on the “ no - leak ” and “ clean ” versions of the dataset , which denote the cases where the label is not known in advance . we find that the model performs well on the clean labels , but poorly on the noisy ones . the dataset has a large number of noisy labels ( observed by the annotation resource ) , which poses a challenge for the model to learn to distinguish between the different labels .
the doq model outperforms the majority baseline by a large margin in both clean and new data conditions , with 10 - distance and 3 - distance sampling giving the best performance on the new data .
finally , we present our own models with different thresholds , with 10 - distance and 3 - distance , which surpass previous work . yang et al . ’ s result was achieved by running their model on their training set , and using it as a transfer method on relative . we transfer the transfer learning method to the relative dataset to evaluate the quality of the generated questions . we present results for the best performing transfer method , which is doq + 10 - distance with a score of 0 . 877 , which achieves a new state - of - the - art .
we perform an intrinsic evaluation of our object embedding model by asking annotators to identify the number of objects in the corpus which fall into range of the described object , given a given dimension . annotators are given a list of annotated objects and their speed , mass , length , and currency . they are then asked to select the 1 , 000 most frequently occurring objects from this list . accuracy is evaluated on a held - out subset of the annotated corpus , in order to see how well the annotators approximate the expected performance . we observe that the indian annotators perform better than the us annotators on average . however , the performance of our proposed model is competitive with the us annotation .
for instance , the pca component for the first person singular pronoun in a satire has a value of 1 . 80 , which is the proportion of singular pronouns that appear in the training data , and a std . error of 4 . 38 , meaning that the incidence of such a pronoun in the test data is significantly different from that seen in training data . the word concreteness component in the word concreteness metric ( rc49 ) measures the word embeddings of nouns and adjectives that are described in satire . a value of 0 . 54 indicates that a noun is described as “ very concrete ” ( meaning it is highly likely to appear in multiple nouns ) , while a score of 3 . 18 indicates that it is “ peaky ” . the pca component for the casual particles and causal verbs in the rc35 and rc91 metrics are the same , which indicates that casual particles are infrequent in satire , while causal verbs are more frequent in general . in addition , pca components for the expanded temporal connectives in the incidence score ( rc32 and rc20 ) are also found to be the most important ones in the causal verbs and gerunds in the satire .
in order to classify the fake news and satire articles , we use bert pre - trained models , based on the headline , body and full text of the news articles , using precision , recall and f1 score . the model with the headline and text body combined achieves the best performance , obtaining 0 . 81 precision , 0 . 75 recall and an f1 - score of 0 . 78 . in contrast , the model with only the text body alone performs poorly , obtaining a precision of only 0 . 52 . this shows the importance of including the whole article along with the text .
as expected , the best performing model is the one using the concatenation of the first relevant context and the latest relevant context . however , the results for the deixis and lexical cohesion tasks are not as good as for the context - aware model . this is likely due to the fact that these tasks are harder to learn with the current context , as they require deeper understanding of the context than the ones used in the baseline and cadec models . in addition , cadec performs better than the s - hier - to - 2 . tied model in terms of using the same relevant context as the baseline model , which suggests that the model benefits from having access to the same amount of relevant context in the first iteration of the model .
the linguistic cues of text coherence and semantic representation were extracted using a pre - trained bert model . we then trained a model on the corpus of fake news and satire articles and tested it on the test set of the coh coh - metrix task . for the baseline model , we used the multinomial naive bayes classifier with linear kernel we report the mean precision , recall , and f1 - score of the classifier using the number of articles classified as fake news , satire articles , and non - fake news . the results show that the model trained on a large corpus of news outperformed the baseline by a significant margin . in addition , the results of the pre - processed bert shows statistically significant differences with the baseline when the model is applied to the coh - metrix test set .
the ment - norm method outperforms the previous state - of - the - art methods on aida - b dataset by a large margin . we also compare our results with the supervised baselines , including guorobust and the original mentoring model . we observe that the ment - regularized version of our model ( no pad ) is comparable to the supervised rel - norm , which is the one used by \ newcited17 - 1276 . this result shows that our unsupervised learning of embeddings can benefit from the supervision of the word embedding matrix . we leave the implementation of the pad embedding as our future work .
on average , guorobust obtains an f1 score of 92 . 2 % , outperforming the previous state - of - the - art by 0 . 8 % and 0 . 5 % on the msnbc , aquaint , ace2004 , cweb , and wiki datasets , respectively . our rel - norm also achieves the best average score on all the datasets , outperforming all the previous methods , except for \ newcitecheng - roth : 2013 : emnlp on the wikis dataset . note that the performance of the other methods on the other datasets are slightly worse than the ones reported in the original paper , which can be attributed to the small size of the dataset .
ultes et al . from the table we can see that the lstm - based models outperform the previous state - of - the - art models by a large margin . due to the large number of overlapping sub - dialogues in the train and test sets , the bilstm models achieve unrealistically high uar and ea scores . moreover , the attention mechanism gives the model the ability to attend to relevant segments in the context to decide when to stop .
the results show that both concat and cadec significantly outperform the baseline and s - hier - to - 2 . tied on the ellipsis test set . the concat model is better than the baseline on both inflected and verb - inflated forms , while cadec is better on the vp version . on the inflated version , cadec outperforms the baseline by a large margin and is within 3 points of the best model . the model with the best accuracy on the verb portion of the test set ( 80 . 0 % ) is very close to the best performance on the noun portion ( 75 . 6 % ) . the results indicate that cadec has better generalizability than the other models .
as can be seen , the proposed bilstm - based models significantly outperform the lstm baselines in terms of all evaluation metrics . we observe that the attention mechanism gives the best performance in the uar , κ , ρ and ea metrics . the best performance is achieved by the attention - based model with a ρ value of 0 . 81 and an ep . number of 8 . the performance of the rach et al . from the results , we can see that the proposed models perform best in the dialogue - wise cross - validation setup . this is in line with the results of the previous work .
our best model ext_m_feat achieves an f1 - measure of 83 . 47 % on the test portion of our dataset averaged over 10 replications of the training with the same hyper parameters as the previous work . our model improves over the previous state - of - the - art ner model by 0 . 8 % absolute in terms of f1 score and over 0 . 7 % absolute on the joint1 and joint2 datasets .
for md , we report accuracy over the test dataset averaged over 10 replications of the training and development sets , using the same hyperparameter settings as in the ner evaluation . joint1 and joint2 achieve slightly lower accuracy than joint1 , and j_multi slightly lower than joint2 . in addition , we also report the results of \ newciteyuret2006decision_lists , a recent list ranking model shen2016role , which achieves a state - of - the - art performance of 91 . 03 % on the msrp dataset .
besides , we were able to observe an absolute improvement of 4 . 97 % in case of fasttext and 1 . 36 % for glove and a slight increase of 1 . 76 % in the case of bioelmo . besides , on further addition of sentiment information , the accuracy rose to 79 . 04 % , which is a new state - of - the - art result .
for ellipsis and deixis , we show scores for the best probability of using the corrupted reference at training time . as expected , the model is more likely to use the incorrect reference when the probability is high . however , when the p is low ( e . g . , 0 . 25 or 0 . 75 ) , the bleu scores of all 3 context sentences are higher than the ones with the correct reference . this indicates that the model has already learned to associate the context sentences with the corrupted references .
in phase 2 , we evaluate the performance of the traditional classifier on the unseen classes first , and then analyse its performance given the seen classes only . to this end , we filter out half of the documents in phase 2 from the original training set and train a new classifier based on the remaining documents . we compare the accuracy of the classifier with respect to the number of instances for which the document is not present in phase 1 ( i . e . , the percentage of instances that are present in the training set ) . for example , given a document ( e . g . , “ water in a container ” ) as input , we would expect to see a drop of 0 . 5 % in accuracy in the case of dbpedia as the document contains water in the form of a container , while this is not the case for 20news , which contains a number of different kinds of water in its form , such as a “ flavors ” , “ filtering ” and “ towards ” . the results show that the performance does not drop significantly when the proportion of seen documents is reduced from 50 % to 25 % .
compared with the original glove embeddings , our approach significantly improves the performance in general and fine - grained extraction as well as the ultra - fine extraction . as for the augmentation process , the performance of our approach is consistently better than that of the original elmo - based model , which verifies the effectiveness of our method .
we find that our denoising approach gives substantial improvements over the naive augmentation of the glove embeddings and elmo , and matches the performance of a bert - base model trained without any augmentation on the entity typing task of choi et al . our model also achieves competitive performance compared to labelgcn xiong et al . , which is trained with the same data as our model .
the heuristic baselines are based on the raw data and the original el and head annotations . as can be seen , the proposed approach significantly outperforms the other baselines across all types of denoising methods and achieves the best overall performance .
since elmo is pre - trained on a large amount of unlabeled data , we use the uncased version of bert devlin et al . as can be seen , our approach significantly outperforms the bert - base and elmo - augmented models and achieves the new state - of - the - art performance across all metrics , which verifies the effectiveness of our approach . especially , when combined with elmo , our model with the filter & relabeling heuristic achieves a new state of the art performance of 64 . 9 % accuracy and 79 . 2 % mi - f1 .
we can see that the filtering function tends to delete more types than the general add and delete methods in general . however , for the head dataset , the ratio of added types is much higher than for el and head . we assume that this is due to the fact that the average number of types added or deleted by the relabeling function per example is only 1 . 15 and 1 . 16 for the general and fine - tuned methods , respectively .
on the ubuntu dataset , we use the { context } , { response } in { context } to indicate whether a message and a response are composed of the same words or not . the value of context is 1 for ubuntu - v1 and 1 for the samsung qa dataset . on the contrary , the value of response is much higher than that of message on the ubuntu v2 dataset . this is due to the fact that the response contains a large number of groups and values of words which are extracted from the whole message while the message contains only a small number of them . the values of context are also higher than those of response .
results on ubuntu - v1 . we compare our model with the following baselines : tf - idf [ 1 ] , cnn [ 2 ] , lstm [ 2 ] and cnn + rde [ 3 ] . we can see that our model significantly outperforms all these baselines in terms of all metrics on both datasets . compagg [ 3 ] and bimpm [ 4 ] are very similar to our rde and hrde , but their results are significantly worse than our model . we conjecture that this is due to the multi - task learning nature of these two models , which makes them better at dealing with long - term dependencies than our models . we can also see that the ltc - based rde outperforms the rde - ltc model , which further verifies the effectiveness of modeling the interaction between the utterance and the response .
compagg outperforms lstm , cnn , rnn , and rnn - cnn in terms of 1 in 2r @ 1 and 1 in 10r @ k metrics , but underperforms on the other metrics . compagg is better than rnns , but worse than cnns , which implies that the sentence - level information plays a more important role in this task . attention \ script { [ 6 ] } ( rnn - conv - cnn ) obtains comparable results with the best performing compagg model , but suffers from worse performance than the attention - based models . this shows that the attention mechanism is more effective than simply concatenating the whole sentence together as in compagg .
comparing with tf - idf , hrde and rde - ltc , we can see that the performance of the proposed hrde is comparable to that of the baseline rde . this indicates that our model is able to find the correct answer when there is a large number of possible answers to choose from , which is in line with the findings of previous works that show that this is not always the case ( e . g . , in some cases there are only one or two correct answers given by one or the other model ) . furthermore , when compared with rde , our model outperforms the baseline by a large margin in terms of all the metrics . in particular , the results of the “ 1 in 2r @ 1 ” metric , which measures the ratio of questions that are ranked in the top 1 result of the ranked list , increases from 0 . 834 ( rde ) to 0 . 972 ( hrde ) when the number of correct answers is 1 , 2 , and 5 , respectively .
zhao et al . from the table , we can see that our proposed iwaqg model significantly outperforms all the baselines in terms of all the evaluation metrics , which indicates the effectiveness of the proposed model . especially , our model achieves significant improvement on bleu - 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , meteor and rouge - l scores , which verifies the effectiveness and generalizability of our proposed model in conversational response generation .
we observe that our iwaqg model outperforms the “ only qg * ” model by a large margin in terms of bleu - 1 , 2 , 3 and meteor scores , which confirms the importance of having a large fraction of human - annotated qg examples in the video captioning task . moreover , we observe that the accuracy decreases as the number of videos in the training set increases , as shown in the last row of the table . this suggests that there is a trade - off between the accuracy and the performance of the captioning model , as it is difficult to achieve high accuracy with a small dataset size .
zhao et al . ’ s implementation of the qg module without our interrogative - word classifier . “ only qg * ” is our implementation of qg which uses only the text of the interrogative words to predict the answer . we can see that the percentage of the correct answers is only 82 . 24 % and 68 . 34 % for the who and what questions , respectively , which is much lower than the accuracy of 86 . 66 % and 90 . 36 % of the answers obtained by zhao ’ s system . our iwaqg module outperforms the original qg by a large margin , achieving 99 . 84 % and 99 . 72 % on the questions of what , what , where , when and what , and who questions .
our interrogative - word classifier is designed to identify if a given interrogative word is semantically related to the interrogative verb ( i . e . interrogative ) or not . in order to evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed classifier , we train a number of variants : ( 1 ) using only the cls classifier ( accuracy = 56 . 0 % ) , ( 2 ) adding ae and at features ( acc = 70 . 3 % and 73 . 3 % , respectively ) , ( 3 ) adding ner features ( ner ) further improves the accuracy to 56 . 6 % . ( 4 ) finally , we add both at and ner to our classifier and achieve an accuracy of 73 . 8 % .
to evaluate the performance of our interrogative - word classifier , we manually annotated the number of interrogative words of each individual class . we observe that the classifier achieves high precision for the ‘ who ’ and ‘ what ’ classes , and low precision for ‘ when ’ , which is mainly because interrogators tend to use these words to refer to situations where their emotions are not fully developed . in addition , the model achieves high recall for the other classes , however , its precision is lower than that of the who and what classes . we conjecture that this is because a large number of questions are ‘ difficult ’ or ‘ unanswerable ’ which makes it difficult for the model to determine the answers .
the higher the value of γ , the higher the edge ratio of node nodes , the more edges are generated , but the lower the maximal edge ratio is . we can see that the number of edges and the average node ratio of the forest with γ = 1 can be very large ( e . g . , 1 . 00 and 1 . 14 ) , but the las and conn . ratio ( also known as the ratio of edges / node ) can also be large as well . the result shows that a large γ produces very long forests , but a small γ also produces long forests . we also observe that a larger γ and larger k can also lead to shorter trees , which is consistent with the observation in \ newcitekim2015tree .
the proposed edgewiseps outperforms deptree at a significant level ( p < 0 . 01 with bootstrap tests ) and achieves a new state - of - the - art f1 score of 53 . 4 % , which significantly outperforms both the deptree and the textonly baselines .
the deptree model achieves 78 . 9 % in f1 score , which is a significant improvement over the previous state - of - the - art ( i . e . , lee et al . , from the results , we see that the proposed edgewiseps outperforms the deptree at p < 0 . 01 with 1000 bootstrap tests . we also find that kbesteisnerps achieves the best performance with 83 . 6 % , which is 2 . 6 % higher than the previous best performance .
we can see that our proposed model edgewiseps achieves the best f1 score of 86 . 3 % , which is + 0 . 8 % absolute improvement over the previous state - of - the - art .
from the results , we can see that our model consistently outperforms all the baselines and achieves new state - of - the - art performance in terms of hits @ 10 , hits @ 15 and hits @ 20 . more importantly , our katt - enhanced models consistently outperform the pcnn and cnn baselines , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our framework in dealing with long - distance relations .
from the results , we can see that our model + katt significantly outperforms all the other models in terms of both hits @ k and macro - f1 score , which proves the effectiveness of our proposed katt . moreover , our katt + katt model also achieves the best performance when the training instance size is small , i . e . , 10 , 15 , 20 , and 40 . in such a small training instance , katt can learn a good representation of the target relation so that it can improve the performance of gcns and word2vec .
we observe that path2vec and path2vec perform consistently better than all the other embedding models on both lch and wup , and outperform transr and node2vec by a large margin on the wup . all the neural models outperform fse , which is the best performing model on the lch task . however , the performance of deepwalk and fse on wup is much lower than that on lch . we conjecture that this is because the neural methods for wup are not tuned specifically to capture the hierarchical structure of the wordnet , while the models for lch are optimized for the single - class nature of the wordnet .
we compare the performance of the graph - based vs vector - based measures as well as the neural network - based and word embedding - based models . the neural network models outperform the other two baselines on all of the three datasets . we observe that the lch ( lch with path2vec ) and the wup ( wup ) models perform better than the random sense model . the lch and wup models have better performance than the other vector models on the senseval - 3 and semeval - 15 datasets , while the winobias model performs the worst . this is due to the fact that the embedding space of lch is much smaller than that of the vector models , which makes it hard for them to learn good embeddings . on the other hand , the vectors can learn representations that are more flexible than those of the graphs .
for comparison , we trained varembed and fasttext on a 20 - million token and polyglot versions of the rareword dataset to see how well they perform on a 1 . 7b - token english vocabulary . the results show that the polyglot version performs better than the poly - embedding version for all vocabularies , and outperforms fasttext for in - vocabulary words . however , it does not perform as well on out - of - vocab words . we suspect that this is because in rareword many of the most frequent words are out of the vocabulary ( e . g . , rare and rare - word adjectives ) and it is hard to find poly - embedding models that can learn to represent them accurately .
our baseline is a seq2seq model with the standard seq2seq decoder and decoder . the oracle score of bleu is 15 . 32 , mtr is 10 . 24 and len is 132 . 7 . with oracle retrieval , our model significantly outperforms the baseline model and achieves the best mtr score of 16 . 22 , 12 . 19 and 151 . 2 under the settings w / / or retrieval and w / or lexicalized similarity . in addition , we add the encode evd module to our baseline model to get more details about the encoding process .
in the full data scenario , the character model outperforms the no - char model by a large margin in all languages . in the case of the smaller mimick setting , character models outperform the no - char models by a small margin but still perform on par with the state - of - the - art systems using full data . in contrast , the performance of the psg model is strong across all languages , outperforming the state of the art by an average of 0 . 8 % ( p < 0 . 01 ) and 0 . 7 % ( 0 . 2 % ) for pos tagging and pos tagging .
in the no - char setting , we see that the character model outperforms the no - char model by a large margin in terms of mimick score . in the full data setting , the performance is close to that of the full data setting and outperforms by a small margin when using the char model . in addition , we observe that using both the character and the tag embeddings together yields the best overall performance .
we see that the number of oov words in the test sets is reduced in both full vocabulary and oov ( ud ) setting when the char → tag embedding matrix is concatenated with the pre - trained word embeddings . this is consistent with the findings of \ newcitehashimoto - etal : 2017 : emnlp : long \ shortcitearaghri2017 : emnlp2017 : long which showed that character – word co - occurrences are important for morphologically rich languages like persian and hindi . we also observe that the vocabulary reduction in the oov setting is more significant in the full vocabulary setting than in the character → tag setting , suggesting that the character – tag information helps to reduce the vocabulary size of the test set . in addition , we also compare the effect of the different kinds of missing embedding in our model . the results show that the model significantly benefits from the following types of missing information : ( 1 ) missing word embedding vectors , ( 2 ) missing character embedding vector , and ( 3 ) missing vocabulary information .
the results show that the linguistic accuracy is the lowest across all the scenarios , which indicates that the model tends to generate generic and generic responses rather than specific and specific words to address a user ’ s needs . for example , “ riding a public bus ” and “ borrowing book from library ” are two examples of generic responses , where the model simply uses generic “ i don ’ t need to fix that ” instead of specific words ( e . g . “ wanting a haircut ” or “ a new pair of pants ” ) . the script accuracy is higher than human accuracy for most of the scenarios but for “ fixing a flat bicycle tyre ” , the linguistic accuracy is slightly lower than that of the human response . we conjecture that this is due to the fact that the dialogue history in this scenario is relatively short and the model has to memorize all words rather than just memorizing specific words like “ riding a bicycle ” since it is a generic response .
our decoder outperforms the standard seq2seq model and the retrieval - based baseline by a large margin , which demonstrates the importance of having a strong encoder - decoder architecture . our model with attend kp as encoder gives the best mrr and p @ 1 performance , which indicates that the knowledge encoded in the encoder contributes the most to the final performance . our decoders also outperform the retrieval baselines , which shows that our encoder is capable of finding the relevant information in the context and store it in the decoder .
we find that the linguistic error is lowest for ( intercept ) and ( recency ) , and the human error is highest for ( already ) , indicating that utterances tend to start and end with a relatively abrupt change in script . we also find that both human and linguistic error are higher for triggers that are more subtle ( e . g . , “ i don ’ t know ” or “ that ’ s all i needed ” ) , which is consistent with the findings in [ hovy - etal : 2015 : naacl - hlt ] . we also observe that the overall frequency of utterances tends to be lower than the other two , which is possibly due to the fact that the recording device was placed closer to the speaker who uttered the most during the recording , thus the signal from the speaker was stronger .
the table shows that the dynamic bert embeddings perform the best across the two tasks , with an average score of 0 . 28 for the keller task and 0 . 25 for the sp - 10k task . this indicates that the model is able to benefit from information coming from the downstream tasks when training on a large scale corpus , and to generalize well across downstream tasks .
in this section , we present the results of our experiments with different versions of the dobj and nsubj subj - embeddings , as well as the glove and word2vec embeddings . we observe that the d - embedding performs better than the glove embedding for nouns , verbs , adjectives and adverbs , and the overall score is close to 0 . 38 . this is due to the fact that the adverbs and nouns are the most difficult ones to classify , which is also why glove performs better . we also observe that in most cases , the best performing embedding is a combination of both d - and glove vectors .
we can see that mwe is significantly faster than elmo and bert , and is comparable to elmo in terms of embedding dimension , training time , and embedding size . however , the training time of elmo is ≈ 40 times longer than that of mwe . bert is trained on a gpu cluster on a single nvidia titan x gpu for about 300k iterations , while mwe requires approximately 20k iterations . we attribute this difference to the fact that bert uses a much larger number of parameters ( 512 rather than 768 ) and is trained for a much longer time . on the other hand , mwe relies on fewer parameters and is faster due to its simple cross - entropy loss .
alternating optimization refers to the case where we first train the model with λ = 1 , then choose the hyperparameter λ to train the classifier , and train it alternately with different values of λ . it can be observed that training with the proposed training strategy leads to better results than the other two training strategies . the reason is that the training of the document - level semantic parser is much more difficult than that of the word - level parser . in addition , the training data is larger and the number of epochs to train is much less than that in the word level parser , which makes the training more efficient . alternating training leads to the best results .
single transformers are trained to convergence on 1m wat ja - en data set with batch size 4096 . for the plain bpe representation , the linearized derivation model is able to achieve a lower test bleu score than the uni - directional model with a smaller batch size . however , when the number of updates per batch is increased from 8 to 25 , the bpe model is unable to maintain the convergence rate and suffers from a large learning rate drop . in the following experiments , we increase the batch size to 8 and the learning rate from 0 . 025 to 0 . 2 .
as can be seen , the vanilla seq2seq model achieves 21 . 2 bleu score on the test set , which is lower than morishita et al . ’ s 28 . 4 . the transformer outperforms the seq2seq baseline by 1 . 3 bleus . we also observe that the pos / bpe representation yields a further 0 . 8 bbleu score improvement over the plain bpe representation . we conjecture that this is due to the fact that the transformer is able to capture richer contextual information than bpe .
the plain bpe model achieves 29 . 2 bleu on the test set , a significant improvement over the previous state - of - the - art by bootstrap resampling ( p < 0 . 05 ) . however , the linearized variants underperform by 0 . 8 - 0 . 9 in terms of both test and internal representations . in addition , the addition of pos and bpe embeddings improves performance to 29 . 3 and 29 . 4 bleus respectively .
we observe that split consistently outperforms basic and unk across all language pairs and setups , with the exception of fi - en and tr - en , where the best performance is obtained by using the unk configuration . this shows that multilingual pre - trained embeddings benefit from additional monolingual data when used in a multilingual setup .
we can see that the performance of udpipe and udpipe - based models are very close to each other , and both outperform the baseline by a large margin , indicating the robustness of these two systems . we can also see that both rf and dnn perform better than the baseline in terms of perf . however , the gap is much smaller than for spmrl , which suggests that there is still a lot of room for improvement for these systems to improve .
- expansion has the worst perf and f1 score on the spmrl test set for the final test set . the values of " - vowels " and " - letters " indicate that we removed the vowels and letters from the vocabulary , and " - letr - vowl " or " - lexicon " denotes the setting where the vocabulary is restricted to the words of the lexicon . we can see that " - expansion " has the highest percentage of perf on both datasets , which shows that it is necessary to keep the vocabulary expansion in the final set . on the wiki5k test set , the values of - lexicon have the highest values of f1 , which proves that lexicon - based features are more important than the letters and vowels .
for the word - level perturbation , we use the sst - word and ag news datasets with a maximum of 49 and 674 forward passes per sentence , which is the maximum number of times the model is allowed to evaluate in the exhaustive verification . for the character level perturbations , the model uses the ag news dataset with 260 , 282 characters . the size of the character space is smaller than that of the word space because of the fewer forward passes required to generate the word and character substitutions in the larger space .
the oracle performance is the average of the ten runs with ten different random seeds , and is reported as the performance of the best run using the cross - validation on the test set . as can be seen , adversarial training ( ‘ normal ’ and ‘ adversarial ’ ) deteriorates the accuracy of the model when using adversarial data augmentation . however , when using the verifiable training data , the model achieves the best oracle accuracy on three of the four classification tasks . for the sst - char - level classifier , the oracle is an improvement of 1 . 4 % over the normal training set and 1 . 8 % over adversarial adversarial and ibp - generated data , respectively .
for the majority of the examples in the ner dataset , the accuracies of the random classifiers are quite low . however , they outperform the majority classifier for bow - svm , bigru - att , han , and bert , indicating that they are able to generalize to unseen words . among the top - performing models for the anonymized dataset , hier - bert obtains the highest accuracies for both the named and unseen words , and its f1 - score is the highest among the non - anonymized ones .
the results using many - to - one mapping are shown in table 1 , for target languages with available test data , using 500 clusters or number of states . across all languages , marlin outperforms the other tagging strategies by a large margin . the disadvantage of a - hmm and e - kmeans is that they do not perform as well as marlin for the target languages , suggesting that they might be less effective when there is not sufficient training data .
we observe that the cipher - avg model outperforms the cl model across all language pairs with an average improvement of 2 . 3 bleu points , and the improvement is statistically significant ( t - test with p - value < 0 . 01 ) across all parent pairs .
our combined cipher - avg model outperforms the supervised tagger in terms of precision , recall , and f1 score across all languages except for french , where the noun tagger outperforms our combined cipher grounder by a substantial margin .
in this section , we investigate the impact of grounding unsupervised pos tags on malms . for this experiment , we use the gold standard and the cipher algorithm proposed by \ newcitehovy - etal : 2017 : emnlp2014 : acl - ijcnlp2014 as the test sets . the results show that our model outperforms the gold tagger and the baselines by a large margin .
guo and muse . we observe that guo is slightly better than guo for unlabeled attachment score ( uas ) but worse for logistic regression ( las ) . muse outperforms guo by a large margin for both uas and las . the scores of it are slightly worse for las than for fr but better for uas . finally , the scores for it are higher than those for fr , suggesting that it is a more difficult language .
as a supplement to the main results , we also report precision , recall , and f1 scores for the frequent and hier - bert variants . as can be seen , unsurprisingly , the bow - svm variant outperforms the bigru - att variant in terms of f1 score . however , the results of the variants with hierarchical masking are slightly worse than the ones with frequent masking . this may be due to the fact that in addition to masking rare words , adding more frequent words into the model hurts performance on rare words .
for the cross - lingual experiments , we use the universal dependencies ( ud ) and semeval ( se ) datasets to train and test our models . the ud and se datasets were created by the darpa ’ s taxonomy of word extraction ( rwe ) and statistical machine translation ( smt ) ( denoted by dea and der ) . the media and pred datasets were already available but were not split into training , development , and test sets . the religious datasets are from the united states , the uk , and the european union ( en , es , and pt ) . the der and semeval datasets are for german ( anselm ) and german ( ridges ) , the former a collection of german letters written by members of the religious community while the latter is a corpus of germanic and slavic letters . the ep data for spanish ( es , hu , and it ) and portuguese ( pt ) come from the same period ( 15th to 19th century ) and belong to the same genre ( e . g . portuguese vs . spanish letters ) . for the rest of the datasets , the religious data is from the period between 14th and 16th c . ( ranging from 1 , 000 to 2 , 000 letters ) . we use the development , test , and development sets to train our models and evaluate them on the held - out test set . the development and test set portions of the ep datasets are the same as the training set . we perform experiments on three datasets for each language : english , german , spanish , and russian . the experiments are carried out on a linux machine ( cpu : intel xeon e5 - 2690 v2 . 2ghz , gpu : nvidia tesla p100 , ram : nvidia geforce gtx 1080ti ) . we perform 5 epochs of training ( 20 epochs for english , 10 epochs in german , 5 epoch for spanish and portuguese
the best results are highlighted in bold . we can observe that the best performance of each method is achieved on most of the datasets and almost always outperforms the best baseline . the only exceptions are the maximum and norma , lookup methods on the spanish and russian datasets , where the best results belong to the identity method . this is due to the fact that these two approaches have been shown to perform well on similar corpora ( e . g . , newswire ) but not on dissimilar ones ( i . e . , web pages ) .
the case importance scores range from 1 ( most important ) to 4 ( not applicable ) , with 1 being the most important case and 4 the least . spearman ’ s ρ then measures the correlation between mae and the case importance score . as expected , the mae score for the majority baseline is high ( but still small ) and the correlation is low ( but significant ) for the bigru - att and han models .
our local edge + projective decoder and k & g edge + fixed - tree decoder models outperform the previous state - of - the - art camr wang et al . ( cf . as can be seen , our proposed model outperforms previous approaches by a large margin , e . g . , compared to the local edge + projective model , our local edge model achieves an improvement of 2 . 8 \ scalebox points ( 70 . 2 \ scalebox bleu score ) and outperforms camr by 2 . 7 \ scalepoint bleus ( 71 . 0 \ scalepoint auc score ) . compared to the jamr - style method , our model also outperforms this method , achieving a relative improvement of 6 . 7 \ scaleunk bleu points ( 27 . 9 % relative improvement ) on the development set . we attribute this improvement to the fact that our model is able to learn the compositional structure of the whole sentence , which is more suitable for compositional dependency parsing .
in order to better understand the performance of our system across different metrics , we perform an ablation study to gain insight into how each of them individually contributes to the overall performance . we observe that most of the metrics have small or negative effects on the performance , with the exception of ‘ no wsd ’ and ‘ unlabeled ’ , which are the two most underrepresented categories in the three benchmark datasets .
we can see that all the proposed rule - based models outperform tsp - gen and jamr - gen by a large margin , which indicates the effectiveness of our proposed rules . the noinducedrule and noconceptrule models perform the worst among all the models , which shows that rule induction is the most important part of our model . we can also see that the noreorder model achieves the best performance , which proves that the reordering mechanism can help the model to find the correct order .
rules used for decoding are listed in table 3 . the rules for glue consist of two rules : 1 - best and nonterminal . nonterminal rules are used to distinguish between terminal and terminal tokens . in order to have a fair comparison , the rules for glue are different from those for the other two rules .
we observe that the ratio of happy ( 18 . 26 % ) , angry ( 49 . 56 % ) , and sad ( 84 . 86 % ) , and others ( 25 . 86 % ) are the most frequent labels . the dev set has 5 . 15 % , 5 . 44 % , and 5 . 57 % of the labels being labeled as happy , angry , sad , and others . the ratio of others ( 85 . 7 % ) is found to be slightly higher than the dev set but still below the test set ( 5 . 57 % ) .
the macro - f1 score is used to measure the harmonic mean of the f1 score of the four models , which is the harmonic score divided by the number of happy / angry / disgust scores . as we can see , bert achieves the highest f1 scores for all the three emotions and the highest harmonic mean score for the happy and sadness emotions , which means that bert can generate more appropriate and natural - looking happy and sad texts than the sl and sld models . compared with the sld model , the hrlce model achieves the best scores in all the emotions and achieves the lowest harmonic mean scores for the sadness and anger emotions .
the intrinsic evaluation results are based on the alignment f1 and the oracle ’ s smatch score . our model significantly outperforms the jamr and achieves the best performance on hand - alignments , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our model .
the parsing results of jamr parser are listed in tab . our aligner improves the accuracy of parsing by 1 . 3 % on newswire set and 1 . 6 % on camr set , which confirms the effectiveness of our alignmenter . in addition , when our aligner is added to the parser , the accuracy further improves to 1 . 8 % and 2 . 1 % on the two datasets .
for our alignmenter , we use the same hyperparameters as \ newcite damon et al . when using our aligner , the parser and the jamr aligner improve by 1 . 3 and 1 . 8 f1 points on the newswire set respectively when using the same batch size x3 , and the ensemble of the two parsers improves by another 1 . 4 and 0 . 7 f1 scores . for the parser , the pos tagger improves by 2 . 1 f1 score when using a batch size of 10 and the alignmenter improves by 0 . 8 and 1 point when using an embedding size of x10 . the ensemble results show that the parser benefits from having multiple parsers with different word embeddings .
we observe that our model outperforms the state - of - the - art in pos1 , pos2 and pos3 , while being competitive in seq . in addition , our model achieves the best overall performance across all the tasks .
from the table , we can observe the following conclusions : ( i ) for all three entity types , the supervised learning models outperform the unsupervised learning models in all three evaluation metrics . the results indicate that supervised learning is able to generalize well across different entity types . ( ii ) for instance , in the case of location , the results for cell type and protein are higher than that for the other two . ( iii ) for the person and cell type , supervised learning achieves the best results in three different evaluation metrics , i . e . , location , person and gene . ( iv ) the results for the virus are the lowest for all three metrics . we can observe that in most cases supervised learning outperforms supervised learning on all three similarity matrices . ( v ) for example , in case of seed 1 and seed 2 , the accuracy of supervised learning reaches 0 . 37 and 0 . 50 for the person and cell type eq . 8 and 9 respectively , while the accuracy is only 0 . 03 for the location and gene metrics . ( vi ) in case of seed 1 and seed 2 , we observe that the accuracies are close to each other in most of the cases .
for each dataset , we report the percentage of f - scores of the entity classes being added or removed from the test set after applying the proposed annotation scheme ( i . e . , eal ) . we observe that in most cases , we can see a significant decrease in the number of entity classes . for example , on the genia 3 . 02 and genia 2 . 9 datasets , a relative reduction of about 33 % and 27 % in f - score are observed for the location and protein molecule classes , respectively . on the conll - 2003 and biocreative ii datasets , the percentage reduction is more moderate , ranging from 10 % to 25 % . one interesting observation is that for some of the datasets ( e . g . , genia , ge ) , a large number of entities have been added to the gene and cell lines in the annotation of the first few rows of the table , whereas in other cases , the number has been reduced to less than 5 % . we observe a similar pattern in the human annotation of genia and ge .
ontonotes is one of the largest publicly available text datasets for spoken and written text . it contains 1 , 590 , 885 texts written and 1 , 099 , 105 texts for spoken text , and 1 . 4 million texts for written text , covering a wide range of text types . the spoken text types include newswire , telephone , faxes , and faxes . the written text types are mainly comprised of text books , newspaper articles , and encyclopedia texts . the size of the written text is higher than that of the spoken text because written news and telephone call transcripts are much larger .
we observe that there is a large number of ( 34 ) misclassification of generative adjectives ( sg ) and compound nouns ( pl ) and a small number ( 7 ) of misclassified prepositions ( 1 ) and postpositional verbs ( 2 ) misclassified pl and preposition ( 1 ) . since the precision and recall of these two classes are very low ( very low , in some cases less than 10 % ) we assume that the classifier has difficulty in distinguishing between the two classes and it is prone to over - generalization .
the genres bible and newswire had the highest agreement with 25 . 76 % and 28 . 98 % of notional labels , respectively . the translations and web genres had the lowest agreement with 20 . 75 % and 40 . 33 % . the genres bc . conv and bc . news have the highest average agreement of 54 . 11 % and 43 . 91 % with the strict label . across genres spoken and written , the average agreement was 47 . 02 % notional and 27 . 66 % strict label with the average of 46 . 66 % . the average number of sentences per genre was written and spoken .
in total , ampere contains 10 , 386 propositions , comprising 3 , 982 evaluation propositions and 1 , 930 non - evaluation propositions . the majority of the propositions ( 91 . 6 % ) are referential and non - referring expressions . the balance of the dataset is approximately balanced in terms of the number of propositions per type : 1 , 786 propositions for req , 207 for fact and 207 for recall .
we can see that our proposed bilstm - crf - joint model significantly outperforms all comparisons and achieves an f1 score of 79 . 75 % , which is an increase of 2 . 5 points over the previous state - of - the - art .
note that lee et al . 2015 is a re - implementation of a neural network based model ( nnan ) that uses a logistic regression classifier ( nnl ) to predict the probability of a given word being a sentiment term . we use mae and root mean squared error ( rmse ) as the performance metrics . we observe that the t - bilstm ( 2 ) - s model outperforms all the other models and achieves the best results on the three datasets .
the first column shows the results of our segmentation models with gold - standard segments . as shown in the second column , the cnn significantly outperforms the majority classifier and the lexicon - based classifier ( p - value < 0 . 05 ) on all the metrics . moreover , our predicted segmentation model outperforms both the svm and the cnn by a large margin on the referee and answerability metrics . the results show that our model is better at identifying referential and answerable questions than the baselines .
we use the cross - validation to tune the hyper - parameters and select the best model according to the validation performance on the development set . the number of training epochs and number of epochs is proportional to the number of target words in the training set . we apply dropout srivastava et al . the dropout rate is set to 0 . 3 in order to avoid over - fitting .
we train mt and spe on the wmt17 it domain with the same training data as in varis and bojar the mt model is a re - implementation of the multilingual spe model of bojar et al . as the size of the training data increases , the performance of spe steadily improves , reaching the best result of 62 . 97 bleu score in the case of the train 23k + 500k setting . our best result ( 22 . 60 ter ) outperforms the previous state - of - the - art ( spe ) by 1 . 8 ter points and achieves the new state of the art result on this task with only 11k training examples .
the results show that the dimensionality of the embeddings is the most important feature to decide for each property . glove is the best performing embedding for most of the properties . however , for the word “ has various colors ” property , the window size of word2vec cbow is too small which results in a poor performance . for the backtranslation property , we can see that using a larger window size does not improve the results . we conjecture that this is due to the fact that the word vector space of backtranslation is much larger than that of word embedding , therefore a smaller window size is more suitable .
we can see that the t - bilstm - s ( 2 ) performs better than the linear ( l - bilcstm ) model on root , advcl , xcomp , conj , and acl : relcl . the tree model performs better on parataxis , amod and csubj , but worse on root and advcl . one possible reason for this is that root is one of the least frequent relations in the uds dataset .
the liwc lexicon represents the knowledge of psycho - linguistic psychology and liwc is one of the most used lexicons for external knowledge . it contains 73 psychological terms as external knowledge while bing liu and afinn are used for valence and sentiment while semeval15 and mpqa lexicons are for emotion . in addition , emolex is a new lexicon for emotion which was proposed by \ newcitedblp : journals / corr / abs - 1908 - 10683 . it covers 19 different emotions and has the highest number of annotations .
the results show that concatenation , emb . conc . and affine are all significantly better than the baseline , with gate being slightly better than affine on most of the tasks but slightly worse on sst - 5 and phychexp .
the mean absolute difference in mean mae between the linear mae and tree mae for negated negations is 0 . 93 and 2244 negated terms , corresponding to a statistically significant difference of 0 . 03 and 1 . 69 ( p < 0 . 0001 ) .
topic - word matching annotations are an important aspect of automated topic categorization that has been neglected in recent years in this section , we compare the quality of topic - word mappings produced by the sigvac , siguni , and coherence metrics on amazon , newsgroups , and the new york times datasets . for each metric , we measure the coefficient of determination ( r2 ) between its performance and that of the human - annotated topic labels . we observe that the global coherence metric outperforms the other global metrics on all three datasets . this shows that the topic coherence of the automatically generated topics is better than the one produced by humans in the case of the amazon and newsgroups datasets . however , the contribution of the global metrics to the overall quality of the manually - generated topics is not as high as the individual metrics .
we include metrics measuring both local topic quality and global topic quality . for local topic evaluation , we measure the coefficient of determination ( r2 ) between the automated metrics and the crowdsourced topic - word matching annotations . we observe that the quality of the local topic models is better than that of the global topic models on both amazon and newsgroups . on newsgroups , the local metrics are competitive with the global metrics . on the other hand , on amazon , the global topics are significantly better than the local ones . for example , on the new york times topic , the average rank of local metrics is 0 . 5103 , as opposed to 0 . 8181 and 0 . 6977 for switchp and switchvi , respectively . this shows that while the metrics can measure topic quality in isolation , they are not able to measure topic coherence in isolation . we also observe that siguni is the best global topic model on both local and global metrics , which confirms that it is better to generate topics that reflect the topic of the entire document than to filter words that are not related to the topic in the conversation .
pagerank and frequency perform poorly in this evaluation . we believe this is due to the fact that they do not consider the importance of the first preceding and next sentence in selecting the best document . in contrast , letor and kce make full use of the preceding and subsequent sentences in a document , and thus are able to capture important information about the document that is not already contained in the document . as a result , the results of pagerank are significantly lower than those of the other baselines . frequency performs poorly because it is not able to identify important content in the first sentence and thus fails to aggregate information from the whole document .
in general , the feature groups loc , frequency and loc + event perform better than the other features , which confirms the importance of local features for this task . however , when incorporating all features , the performance significantly improves , i . e . , 1 . 3 points in terms of p @ 1 , 1 . 5 points in p @ 5 , 0 . 8 points in r @ 5 and 0 . 6 points in auc . the best performance is achieved when all feature groups are combined .
s5ss0sss0px2 notable attributes of uds - ih2 - dev in this section , we will discuss the top five attributes that are the ones that contribute to the highest absolute error . we manually selected 50 instances from the dev set that are identified as the ones with higher absolute error ( using the h - bilstm ( 2 ) - multisim w / uds - ih2 ) . in total , 43 of the 50 instances are not an event or state . the remaining two are either an auxiliary or light verb .
word2vec shows the cosine similarity of event entity pairs with their word embeddings . kce lists their closest kernel mean after training . we can see that word2vec has a very high similarity score for event pairs . for example , the similarity score of ‘ kill ’ is 0 . 69 for the ‘ attack ’ event pair , while its closest word embedding similarity for the 908 attack event pair has a score of 0 . 72 . this shows that pre - trained embedding models are able to capture the semantic similarity between event pairs and their word vectors .
in order to better understand the effect of model size on generation quality , we investigate how the number of unique n - grams ( n ) used by the model affects the generation quality . we can see that the bert ( base ) and large ( large ) models have the highest percentage of unique unigrams and bigrams ( n = 2 ) on wt103 and tbc datasets , respectively . the large bert model outperforms the base model by a large margin ( 9 . 43 % vs . 9 . 06 % in terms of unigram bleu ) on the wt103 dataset , while the small bert models ( base , large ) have the lowest percentage ( 10 . 06 % ) on tbc dataset . this is consistent with our intuition that a larger model requires a larger number of training examples ( more training examples ) in order to have a better estimation of the probability of producing the generated text .
wt103 and tbc . we sample 1000 sentences from each of the datasets for each evaluation , and sample the last 1000 sentences to construct the test sets . we find that bert ( large ) produces the highest quality generations on wt103 , followed by gpt and the bert base model . the bert large model also produces the lowest quality sentences on tbc , which is surprising given that this model was trained on much larger data than the gpt model . we note that the perplexity of the wt103 generated sentences is significantly higher than that of the tbc generated sentences , indicating that the language model is able to benefit from the additional capacity provided by the larger model .
our baseline is a bilstm - crf trained on the wikipedia split of the conll 2003 ner task . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by a large margin on all the tasks . our full model ( with wikipedia embeddings as unlabelled data ) achieves the best performance on the aida - b , msnbc , aquaint , ace2004 , cweb , and wiki datasets , with an average of 77 . 96 % f1 .
our model is weakly - supervised . in this section , we compare the performance of our model when it is supervised on wikipedia and on aida conll . we can see that our model performs much better on wikipedia than on cweb and wiki . on aida - a , our model achieves 87 . 23 and 87 . 83 f1 score on wikipedia , and 85 . 84 and 84 . 55 f1 scores on aida - b . our model also significantly outperforms the model that is only trained on wikipedia . this shows that our full model outperforms our model that only has access to the wikipedia and aida datasets .
we conduct an ablation study on aida conll dataset to verify the effectiveness of each component of our model . specifically , we compare our model with the following variants : ( 1 ) local embedding : concatenate the word embeddings of ida and cider directly into a single vector , ( 2 ) no disambiguation : we only use the bag - of - words representation to find the sense of each word , and ( 3 ) no attention : we remove the attention mechanism , i . e . , we only sum the local and global embedding vectors to obtain the final word embedding vector . from the table , we can see that the local part contributes the most to the overall performance , which indicates that the global information is very important for aida - a . the attention mechanism is also effective to improve the performance . the reason is that local information can capture the global dependency between the word and its context , which is beneficial for the linking of related words .
the fully - supervised model achieves the best performance for 8 of the 10 most common ner types , and the per type is the most accurate one . our model outperforms the supervised model for 7 of the 9 most common types , including per and misc .
as can be seen from the table , the performance of the mwe - based models is significantly better than that of the non - mwe ones for all languages and all vocabularies , showing the effectiveness of the proposed models . in addition , the h - combined model achieves the best overall performance , outperforming both the baseline and the gcn - based ones in terms of f - score in all corpora . in particular , it outperforms the att - based model in the discontinuous corpora , showing that the complementation between the utterances of different languages benefits the detection of mwes .
in uds - ih2 - dev , the model l - bilstm ( 2 ) - s has the same hyper - parameter settings as the model described in the previous section . however , it is xcomp - governed by an infinitival - taking verb , and as such is able to exploit lexical information in the target verb ’ s features . to test this , we compare the mae of the l - by - lexfeats model with that of the baseline model , given the same set of target verb features . as can be seen from the table , the benefit of using alexicalized features is evident for all events , with a mae reduction of 24 % for the want to event , from 24 % to 12 % , and from 3 % to 1 % for other events .
in order to evaluate the performance of the systems , we compare their performance in terms of mwe - based f - score , which is the most commonly used evaluation metric in nlp research meng et al . the results show that the proposed h - combined system outperforms the baseline system by a large margin in all languages . the gcn - based and atilf - llf perform the worst among the systems . this is because that these two systems are designed for one - shot learning , which means that they do not take advantage of any training data or cross - entropy loss during training . the performance of shoma is lower than that of the other systems , which indicates that it is not suitable for multi - label mwes . the experimental results also indicate that the performance gap between the two systems is because of the mismatch between training data and test data . for the english language , the gap is much larger than that for the german , the fr and the fa languages , because the training data of these languages are more similar to the test data than that in the other two languages .
for sts , mnli , rte , and wnli , the model pretrained on glue achieves the best performance . for cola and mrpc , pretraining on mnli outperforms the random baseline by a large margin ( 6 . 7 % and 2 . 8 % absolute ) . for the other tasks , the performance of pretraining using glue tasks as pretraining tasks is comparable to that of random pretraining ( 1 . 2 % and 1 . 5 % absolute ) or even slightly better ( 0 . 4 % and 0 . 7 % ) .
intermediate task performance . we first discuss the performance of elmo after fine - tuning on the respective training sets for each of the eight tasks . we observe that performance on the majority of the tasks improves as the training sets are more similar to those seen during training ( e . g . , single - task accuracy for sts and mnli improves from 77 . 5 % to 84 . 4 % and from 80 . 8 % to 90 . 6 % for qnli ) . performance on cola and mrpc is particularly poor ( 61 . 7 % and 61 . 7 % , respectively ) . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that these tasks usually contain a large number of samples which makes the model less confident towards the majority class label . on the other hand , performance on wnli and rte improves slightly ( 1 . 2 % and 1 . 1 % relative ) when moving from random e to single - task e , suggesting that the model is more confident towards majority class labels . performance on the sts , mnli , rte , and qqp tasks also improves ( 0 . 6 % , 0 . 8 % , 1 . 5 % , 2 . 3 % relative ) , however , the gains are not as large as for the other four tasks .
for each task , we report the mean and standard deviation of the micro f1 score across 10 runs . we also report the average of the f1 scores across all 10 runs , as well as the standard deviation for each individual run . we can see that the average performance of the individual models is very close to zero on cola and sst , and close to one on mnli and qnli . on the other hand , the performance on sts and mnli is very different from that of the other tasks . the reason is that the sts task is much more difficult than the mnli task . the mnli dataset is much simpler than the sst and cola datasets , and thus the generalization ability of the models is better .
ne tags are defined as follows : date , time , duration , set ( temporal ) , number , cardinality , percent , money , ordinal are defined in wikipedia . ne - tags are defined by assigning a special tag to each of these entities . for example , “ number ” and “ percent ” are the two most common ne tags in wikipedia with frequency around 40 % and 2 . 92 % , respectively . the most frequent ne tag in wikipedia is “ money ” with frequency 2 . 25 % . other commonly used ne tags include “ person , location , organization ” ( 0 . 26 % ) , “ organization ” , etc .
the only - nummod model outperforms the baseline in terms of both precision and recall for has part ( creative work series ) and contains admin . entity , but underperforms on has part for the other entities . for example , the f1 - score of has part drops from . 333 to . 333 when using the vanilla model , and from . 353 to . 249 when using only the nummod model . the results suggest that the only modality accounting for a large portion of the over - representation of entities in the entity set is the entity modality that has part .
we can see that the word2vec and word - embedding based models outperform the lstm and cnn baselines by a large margin in all the languages . the w2v model outperforms the word embedding based model in 5 out of 7 languages and the cnn model performs the best in 5 languages .
from the table , we can see that the δiv values of cnn and lstm in the iv and oov cases are very close to each other and the average δoov is close to zero . this indicates that both models are able to successfully filter out the out - of - vocabulary words ( oov ) and insert words into the iv cases .
for different train and test sets , we report the accuracy scores × 1000 for different combinations of the train and the test sets . as expected , there is a large performance gain when using the same training and test set for both the russian and ukrainian languages . however , when we use different training and testing sets for the different language pairs , there are different performance boosts in terms of accuracy scores . for example , when the training data is russian and the ukrainian language pairs are combined , the accuracy of the russian language is increased from 495 to 738 and from 516 to 683 , respectively . similarly , when using a training and a test set of the ukrai - nian language pair , the accuracies of the belarusian and russian language are increased from 373 and 516 respectively . in general , we observe that using different training / test sets for different languages can improve the performance of the model .
finally , neural mrs outperforms the state - of - the - art dag transducer ye et al . we report bleu and exact - match scores over the held - out test set for the wsj portion of the gigaword corpus as well as over the in - domain test set ( all overlap ) . we report the gold and silver version ( gold + silver ) and the coverage ( gold and silver ) . the coverage is defined as the percentage of the test set that exactly matches the gold triples in the training set .
we use the same hyper - parameter values for all the experiments as \ newciteglorot2010globally . the size of the embeddings is set to 50 and the dimension of bigrams is set as 50 . all the models are trained using adam optimizer kingma and ba the initial learning rate is lr = 0 . 015 and the decay rate is decayed to 0 . 05 in order to make the training procedure as stable as possible . for regularization λ , we set it to 1e − 0 . 5 and set the number of epochs to one .
firstly , we compare the performance of the word - based segmenter with the auto - segmented segmenter and the character - level lstm ′ model with no segmentation ( i . e . , without the use of bichar ) , and with and without the subword segmentation . we can observe that the improvement of the auto seg model is more significant when the segmentation is done manually . adding character lstms or cnn layers on top of word embeddings can further improve the performance . however , the improvement is not as significant as that of character cnns or bichars . this is probably because that the auto segmentation needs to be done manually by manually segmenting the words into subword units , which is much more difficult than segmenting by simply using a character embedding . secondly , we can see that the character cnn based segmenter achieves better performance than the word embedding based one . it indicates that character - based representation can capture the rich contextual information for word segmentation which is beyond the scope of a simple character - lstm based segmentation model . thirdly , the character and bichar based segmenters achieve better performances than the other two models , which proves the effectiveness of our method . finally , we find that the sub - word information is more important than the character representation .
the “ no seg ” row refers to the model without any segmentation , i . e . , the model is only trained with the word embeddings . as can be seen from the table , with the help of character and bichar lstm representations , the f1 score of our proposed model with gold segmentation inputs increases from 74 . 40 % to 78 . 62 % and from 73 . 13 % to 73 . 36 % , which are 2 . 5 and 1 . 5 points higher than the previous state - of - the - art results , respectively . with auto - segmentation inputs , the performance of the model also improves from 63 . 52 % to 74 . 32 % and 76 . 40 % , which is 1 . 6 and 2 . 2 points higher compared to the previous best results . the character and bichar representations are complementary to each other .
the “ + char + bichar lstm ” model uses character - level character embeddings to represent bichar characters in a word - level model , and the ” + chichar + softword ” adds a softword word embedding to the baseline model . the lattice model achieves the best performance in precision , recall , and f1 - score .
the “ + char + bichar lstm ” row shows the results of adding bichar ’ s character embeddings to the baseline model , and the ” + chichar + softword ” shows the same results as that of the original paper . lattice obtains the best performance in precision , recall and f1 - score . it should be noted that the f1 score of the word - level baseline is 93 . 58 % , which is lower than the one obtained by the lattice model .
for english – estonian , our baseline is a bpe - based monolingual model trained with cross - entropy loss . cognate morfessor is a morpheme - based model that uses a concatenation of the concatenated bpe output and the cognate output of the bpe model as an additional input to the decoder . we see that adding / removing components leads to a significant performance drop in both chrf - 1 . 0 and bleu . however , we see that an ensemble - of - 5 model with 5 bpe layers gives the best results . this is in line with our hypothesis that the model benefits from being finetuned for each language pair . finetuning gives an absolute improvement of 0 . 8 – 0 . 9 character - f and 0 . 5 – 1 . 1 bleus over using bpe without any finetuning , and an ensemble of 3 to 5 layers gives a slight improvement of 1 . 0 – 2 . 0 characters - f . we also observe that using a single layer of 512 - dimensional linked embeddings leads to the lowest performance . we suspect that this is due to the small amount of training data for english – estonian .
sestorain et al . as can be seen from the table , our basic pivot model ( pivot ) outperforms the pbsmt baseline by a large margin when translating from english to french and from french to english , and is on par with the state - of - the - art nmt - 0 model . the improved performance of the dual - encoder model ( dual - 0 ) is a testament to its capability of exploiting cross - lingual transfer , which is beyond the scope of this work . our final model ( agreeableness ) is close to the best pbsmt result ( 37 . 54 bleu points ) and is significantly better than the supervised baseline ( avg . ) by a significant margin ( 2 points ) . this shows that the agreement between the two languages is not only implicitly learned but is also implicitly learned .
semantic feature ablation . we observe that including all features is the most effective one , achieving a bleu score of 72 . 06 . ablating only the node attributes results in a performance drop from 59 . 37 to 67 . 34 , which shows the usefulness of these features . removing any of the other features results in even worse performance , showing the importance of edge features for the verb tense and number of nodes .
the accuracies reported in sestorain et al . as can be seen from the table , our basic pivot model outperforms pbsmt and nmt - 0 by a large margin and is close to the performance of dual - 0 , which is the current state - of - the - art pbsmt model . this is due to the fact that our pivot model is pre - trained on a large amount of monolingual data and is able to generalize well across different language pairs . moreover , our agreeableness ( avg . ) baseline outperforms the previous best pbsmt by a small margin but is still far from being as good as our best model ( 53 . 22 vs . 52 . 59 ) .
our distillation model outperforms the basic and pivot baselines by a large margin and is close to the performance of the best previous work agreeableness . the distilled model is able to improve over the basic model by + 1 . 5 bleu points when translating english to german and + 0 . 8 bleus when translating french to english , and + 2 . 5 and + 3 . 1 bleu points when decoding english to arabic . this shows that the distilled model has learned a better alignment with respect to the target language .
zero - shot learning outperforms the supervised baseline by a large margin and is close to matching the performance of the best previous work on this task . this shows that a pre - trained model can already be applied to a new task that is different from the one used to train the pivot model .
zero - shot learning does not perform well on our proposed iwslt17 dataset . this may be due to the fact that the training data is small and we do not have a large amount of unlabeled data . on the other hand , the supervised learning seems to help more on the agreeableness metric .
in this section , we present the results of our experiments on the wmt en - fr , en - de and en - et tasks , and the results on the subtitles of the english - russian and russian - english tasks . for the first group of experiments , we focus on the base and large models . we observe that the base model obtains the best results in terms of bleu scores for all language pairs . the base model outperforms the large model by a large margin in the majority of the cases . in particular , we observe that for the fr - en and de - en tasks , the large models outperform the base models by a big margin . the results show that the pre - trained embeddings learned from unlabeled data are beneficial for the supervised learning of multilingual bpe models . in addition , we also notice that the quality of the subtitle translations is affected by the size of the training data . for example , for the en - ru task , the subtitles provided in the europarl dataset are smaller in size than those provided by wmt , but the quality is still much better .
our model consistently outperforms the prev sent baseline in terms of bleu scores for all language pairs and datasets , and is statistically significantly better than the contextual baseline in all cases . for the europarl en - fr and en - et translation tasks , our model outperforms prev sent by a significant margin ( 1 . 2 b @ 10 points ) , and is only slightly worse than the supervised baseline in the case of the subtitles task ( 0 . 1 b @ 5 points ) . for the subtitles task , we do not observe significant differences between our model and the contextual baselines .
complete context refers to the model that uses all the information in the current dialogue history as input to the decoder instead of only the information of the current turn . we can see that the model with complete context obtains the best bleu score of 26 . 49 , which is 0 . 2 points higher than the no context model ( 24 . 74 ) .
we observe that both the utdsm and the global - dsm perform better than the previous state - of - the - art methods on both the datasets . for the 300 - dimensional model , we observe that the best performance is achieved using a single random embedding ( row 1 ) , while for the 200 - dimensional models , the best performances are achieved using multiple random embeddings ( rows 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 ) and ( 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 20 , 21 , 22 , 23 , 24 , 25 ) . we also observe that when using the gmm , the performance of the proposed method is consistently and significantly higher than the other baselines . for example , the average score of the random model ( row 3 ) is 69 . 1 , while the best score for the 300 dimensional model is 68 . 3 . we also notice that the performance can be further improved when using more gmm layers . for instance , when increasing the number of hidden layers from 2 to 3 ( row 5 and 6 ) , the performance on the avgsimc and maxsimc metrics increases by 0 . 3 and 0 . 5 , respectively .
for the first experiment , we train a domain match model on the wsj portion of the gigaword corpus and test it on the brown corpus . for the second experiment we use the same training data as in the previous experiment . we observe that the domain match experiments are very close to the ones performed by \ newciteneelakantan - etal - 2018 - gigaword : the bleu score on the wikipedia test set is 62 . 26 compared to the 65 . 78 score obtained by the model trained on wsj alone .
from the table , we can see that : ( 1 ) the proposed avgcd achieves the best performance in terms of precision , recall and f1 - score , which significantly outperforms the baselines by a large margin . ( 2 ) compared with the baseline methods lda and global - dsm , the performance of avgcd is much higher than these two methods , which indicates that the representation of multi - class text is better captured by avgcd . ( 3 ) compared to maxcd , avgd and avgcd also achieve better performance , which shows that the distributional decomposition is more suitable for multi - label text classification . ( 4 ) our proposed maxcd and avgd perform slightly worse than the original ddsm . we attribute this to the fact that the dimensionality of max - pooling layer is much smaller than that of the embedding layer , which may lead to the overfitting .
we find that our proposed avgd and avgcd outperform the baselines by a large margin in terms of all the evaluation metrics . the global - dsm obtains the worst performance , which is consistent with the results on the sentiment analysis task . the maxcd method performs slightly better than the global - ddsm , but it is still worse than the other two methods . the reason may be that the max - pooling strategy used by maxcd makes the representation of the target sentence closer to that of the source sentence , which may reduce the discriminative power of the model . on the other hand , our proposed averaging method ( avgd ) does not suffer from the problem of overfitting .
in this section , we investigate the performance of unknown intent detection when different proportions ( 25 % , 50 % , 75 % ) of the total number of classes are treated as known intents . for snips dataset , we vary the proportion of known intent detection classes to 25 % , 50 % and 75 % , and observe that the proposed method consistently outperforms msp , doc and lof with a macro - f1 - score of 79 . 2 % , 78 . 8 % and 63 . 4 % , respectively . for atis dataset , lof achieves the best performance with 25 % and 50 % reduction in classification rate , and outperforms doc and msp with 75 % reduction rate . in addition , we also observe that our method outperforms softmax - based method ( doc ) when less than 25 % of all classes are considered as known intent . we conjecture that this is due to the fact that the amount of negative samples in the negative sample is larger than that in the positive sample so that the negative samples can be more discriminative than that of positive samples .
we truncate the average of the four statistics when | x | = | y | = 4 for a wait - 3 system . the results show that the lag time - indexed ( al ) is very sensitive to the number of statistics ( statistics 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 ) , with a large lag ( al = 2 . 25 ) in most cases . however , this is not the case for statistics 1 and 2 , where the lag is very small ( al = 1 . 25 ) . this is because these two statistics have very different distributions in the data .
dmrs outperforms amr in terms of bleu score when trained and evaluated on the gold amr and silver amr test set . the difference in performance between dmrs and amr is larger when attributes are removed from the representation ( i . e . , dmrs - no attributes ) rather than when all attributes are used ( amr - all attributes ) . this is due to the fact that the dmrs generator is able to generate more realistic dialogs by considering all attributes when generating responses .
s4ss3sss0px3 performance on multinli . we evaluate the model ’ s ability to solve the multi - numerical reasoning problems using both the scored entry for each entity type as well as the score for all the entities present in the test set . this allows us to see how the model performs for different types of entity types . we report the accuracy for simple , medium , and complex entity types in both the development and test sets . as expected , models that have access to more complex entities perform better than those with simple and medium complexity . surprisingly , models with large complexity outperform those with small complexity . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the model has access to a larger number of hyperparameters during training , which allows the model to learn more complex features .
in this section , we compare the performance of our memory - to - context model with the baselines . the results show that our model consistently outperforms the nc - 11 and nc - 10 models in terms of bleu and meteor scores , especially in the memory retrieval task . this is because our model can retrieve more semantic information from the context and then use this information to improve the translation performance .
the results show that humans achieve 100 % accuracy on sentlen , 100 % , 100 % , and 100 % on treedepth , topconst , bshift , subjnum , somo , coordinv , and somo . the average accuracy of length and average number of words per sentence ( avg ) are 50 . 2 % and 50 . 0 % , respectively . we can see that humans perform better than the greedy parser and greedy parser on most tasks , which shows that greedy parser is better at finding the correct length of a sentence than the other two parsers .
for sentiment analysis , our proposed c [ 0 , c [ 0 ] achieves the best performance on 7 out of 10 tasks . for the semantic relatedness / paraphrase task , our model outperforms all other models and the baselines on average . the improvements are statistically significant ( t - test with p - value < 0 . 01 ) on five tasks and two tasks , with mcnemar ’ s test indicating statistical significance .
our p - means model outperforms the baselines by a large margin in terms of all the evaluation metrics on both 20 - ng and sst - 5 datasets . our model also achieves the best recall and f1 scores among all the baseline models , which verifies the effectiveness of our proposed statistical weighting scheme . in particular , our p - meanans model achieves a recall of 72 . 20 % and an f1 score of 71 . 79 % on the 20 and 30 - ng datasets , respectively .
in the pruned cnet model , all words but slots and values were removed , and the interjections and hypotheses with scores below 0 . 001 were removed . the coverage of the 1 - best and 10 - best subsets of the dstc2 development set was 69 . 3 % and 75 . 6 % , respectively . the pruned model outperforms the original cnet in terms of coverage of all words and slots , but loses in coverage of slots / values . this suggests that the positional information plays an important role in the asr output , which is beyond the scope of this work .
we can see that weighted pooling and average pooling both achieve better performance than the 1 - best baseline . we can also see that the score threshold pruning is more important for cnet - based pooling , as the performance degrades significantly ( 1 . 6 % goals and 3 . 3 % requests ) .
in the first experiment , we train the baseline asr model using a small amount of in - domain training data and apply it to a large amount of out - of - domain asr training data . in the second experiment , the asr models are trained on a live asr output of the test set instead of a generated transcript from the training set . the results show that the models trained on in - house transcripts perform much better than the ones trained on out - domain data . this is in line with our hypothesis that asr errors are more a result of asr error rather than asr difficulty . the third experiment simulates the scenario where the system is presented with asr outputs generated from a large number of different asr runs with different random seeds in the target language . the asr system trained on the live training set performs the best and achieves the highest accuracy for all goals and requests .
after sentence splitting , the dataset is split into training , development , and test sets , with the development set used as the test set . the labels of the first sentence of each document are used to construct the labels for the next sentence . during the sentence splitting process , the labels are merged back into the gold class labels to form the final sentence . this process is repeated for all sentences of the gold labels . the final sentence is the one with the highest cosine similarity with the gold label .
the first set of columns shows the amount of manually aligned data that was used for training the models . the second set shows the number of sentences that were used during test and development . the third set shows that the models were trained using only the manually aligned news commentary data . the last column shows the performance of the models trained using the automatically aligned data without any cross - lingual parameter tuning .
forilstm - att the best performance is reached with 0 . 98 f1 and 0 . 93 auc . however , the attention - based approach outperforms the monolithic one by a large margin in terms of both precision and recall . the best performing x - bilstm approach achieves 0 . 96 f1 , 0 . 97 auc , and a perfect auc of 0 . 99 . this highlights the importance of contextual information in the multi - task learning setting .
in this section , we show the bleu scores of the proposed approach when there is sufficient parallel data involved and when the target language is different from the source language . first , we can see that our approach significantly outperforms the other approaches in terms of ru → ja and en → ja translation directions , and achieves the best results in ru → en direction as well as in en → ru direction . second , our approach improves the quality of the parallel data when there are two languages involved . when there is one language involved and the other language does not have enough parallel data , the performance of the approach is worse than that of the one using parallel data only . third , the proposed method is better than the alternative approaches when the source and target languages are different from each other . the reason is that our method can better exploit the similarity between the target and source languages .
from the table , we can see that : ( 1 ) compared to the baselines ( proto and proto - adv ) , the cnn - based proto and adv models outperform the bert - based models on 1 - shot and 5 - way 5 - shot learning , which confirms the effectiveness of our proposed representation learning method . ( 2 ) compared with the original bert model , our proposed adv model outperforms the original proto model and the gnn - based model by a large margin , which shows the advantage of explicitly modeling the interaction between the target and the source domain knowledge . ( 3 ) our proposed method achieves the best performance on 2 . 0 - way setting , which indicates that our representation learning framework can generalize well to new domains and new types of dialogues that are unseen in the training data .
the results show that proto ( cnn ) and proto ( bert ) significantly outperform bert - pair on the 5 - way - 1 - shot dataset in all the three settings . furthermore , the performance of proto with bert embeddings ( with or without cnn ) is close to that of bert ( with and without bert ) , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed embedding pre - training framework .
we can see that our proposed method outperforms all the existing typing methods on all the three datasets . our model achieves the best accuracy and micro - f1 scores on wiki / figer ( gold ) and ontonotes , and outperforms the state - of - the - art on bbn by a large margin ( + 1 . 8 % and + 1 . 3 % in terms of ma and + 0 . 7 % and - 0 . 2 % on micro - f1 over the best performing method on the ontonote dataset . on the bbn dataset , our model achieves a much smaller performance improvement ( + 0 . 1 % and 0 . 0 % on ma and - 1 . 2 % , - 00 . 3 % ) compared to the best finetuning method ( i . e . , fiet - noco ) , which shows that our method is much more efficient than existing methods .
in general , we observe that afet outperforms the baselines in terms of precision , recall , and f1 - measure for different label types . however , it is worth noting that the precision of some labels ( e . g . , “ organization ” , “ person ” and “ location ” ) is significantly higher than recall , which is expected as these labels often refer to organizations or entities with close ties to the given ground truth .
is the is - a - priori feature a good indicator of strength or irreducibility of an attack ? is the proportion of op that is identified as a potential danger compared to the other features ? we show the precision , recall , and f1 - measure of the three measures for each feature as well as the overall accuracy of the classifier . observe that the precision is high for is_strong , is_colourful , and is_elephant . this is due to the fact that these features strongly suggest that an attack is highly likely to be successful if the language of the propaganda is strong enough . for example , “ is_black ” is a strong indicator of black - neural attack , which has a precision of 0 . 8 , and the recall is 0 . 2 . another example is is_farsi , which is a proof of the effectiveness of the radical left - wing classification method .
in all experiments , we use bidirectional lstms with lstm - based encoders and cnns . for the training of the attention - based models we use 5h 30m and 1 , 278m of parameters for the lmm and lmm - attention models , respectively . we use 8h and 8h of training time for the bilstm and x - bilstm - att networks , respectively , and 25h and 40m of training times for the hierarchical and hierarchical hierarchical lsmms . the network is trained using stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) algorithm with a learning rate of 1e - 5 and a decay rate of 0 . 01 . the learning rate is decayed by factorization after the first 20 epochs of training and the network is stopped using the best performing model according to the validation loss .
property . we show the correlation between the cosine similarity of the property vector and the human - annotated relatedness scores for each property . we can see that full_is_yellow is the most related property , which has the highest correlation with the human intuition . the other properties are fairly similar , with the difference being less pronounced . property . when we zoom into the full list of properties , we see that the correlation is very close to 0 . 5 , which is quite high for most of the properties . this indicates that the trained embeddings are able to capture the relatedness between the property and the hyper - parameters .
for each word w , we report the spearman ’ s correlation of its cosine similarity with the human relatedness scores in the corresponding test datasets . we also report the relatedness score of the corresponding embedding - based similarity scores obtained by the corresponding bert models . we can see that bert outperforms most of the other embedding models on the men , rg65 , rw , simverb3500 , mturk287 , and ws353 datasets , except for the case of simlex999 . one of the main reasons for the superior performance of bert is due to the fact that these datasets contain a large number of pairs of words which are related to the given word , e . g . , “ dog ” , “ cup ” and “ coffee_kettle ” . in this case , bert may assign high similarity scores to infrequent words which tend to be semantically related to a given word .
we observe that our model achieves the highest accuracies for cr , mpqa , mr , sst2 , subj , trec , and trec . for sts16 and sicke , our model outperforms the baselines in most cases . for the semantic textual similarity task ( stsb ) , our model is competitive with the state - of - the - art results reported by \ newcitedblp : journals / corr / abs - 1911 - 10683 and outperforms \ newciteluong - etal : 2015 : acl - ijcnlp . the results for the relatedness task ( sickr ) are obtained by training our model on the semantic textual similarity ( sts16 ) task and using the stsb task - specific embeddings obtained from the wikitext - 103 corpus . our model performs the best in terms of sickr and stsb compared to the other models .
we find that the three systems do uniformly worse on “ gotchas . ” for example , the rule - based system gets the correct answer 51 . 7 % of the time , as opposed to 50 . 8 % for the stat - based and neural models , and 49 . 2 % for participant . this shows that these sentences are harder for both systems to answer than they are for the gotchas described above . interestingly , the neural model performs better on occupation sentences than on stat sentences . we speculate that this is because the occupation sentences tend to be more gender - coherent , making them easier to learn .
our model significantly outperforms the facts - to - seq baseline and other baselines in terms of all automatic evaluation metrics , which indicates that our model is able to generate more relevant and comprehensive summaries for videos with factual correctness . moreover , the results of dmn + and static memory indicate that they can store the history of videos in a dynamic memory and dynamically retrieve relevant information from the video to improve the video captioning performance . our model achieves the best performance in bleu - 4 , rouge - l , meteor and cider scores , which means that it is capable of preserving the most salient information from videos .
for the baseline model , we report the accuracies of the unmodified , non - adversarial infersent model . we observe that advcls and advdat both outperform the baseline on both val and test sets , however advdat slightly underperforms on the hard test set . we hypothesize that this might be due to the dataset being too small to train a strong adversarial sentence - classifier for the adversarial examples . on the other hand , given that the models ’ accuracies on the val set are already high , we expect these approaches to perform well on the test set as well .
for example , the word “ no ” has a relatively low score of 1 . 42 , which can be explained by the fact that this word is rarely used in the context of the first sentence and is usually used as a negation word . similarly , the score of “ passage ” is also relatively low , which is explained by its low frequency in the corpus as compared to other words .
as can be seen from the table , cbow outperforms srilm and cap . bag - of - words and skip - gram models by a large margin , and is competitive with the neural network models .
the gnbusiness dataset is a large document set of 12 , 985 wikipedia articles and news clusters , containing 11 , 985 documents ( 1 , 985 labeled documents ) and 680 news clusters ( 840 labeled news clusters ) . the size of each of these datasets ranges from 1 , 000 to 20 , 000 documents , and most of them are multi - label ( d ) , i . e . , 10 , 000 or more ) . the number of slots in gnbusiness is relatively small compared to other datasets ( 8 vs . 27 ) , so we do not compare it with other existing datasets that focus on entity linking ( e . g . , ace 2005 ) .
λ controls the trade - off between the quality and the size of milk ’ s λ . to test this , we vary λ from 0 . 0 to 1 . 0 and investigate the effect of mass preservation on the deen development set . when λ = 0 . 1 , the model produces a bleu score of 21 . 0 on the unpreserved set , while when λ is preserved , the score degrades to 10 . 5 . this suggests that the quality of the mt system benefits from the use of a large λ when producing a high - quality mt system .
from the table , we can see that odee - fer achieves the best performance in terms of precision , recall and f1 - score , which significantly outperforms the baseline dblp : conf / acl / nguyentfb15 and the clustering approach by a large margin , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our approach .
we can see that odee - fer obtains the best slot coherence compared with the baseline dblp : conf / acl / nguyentfb15 and obtains close to the state - of - the - art performance ( 0 . 18 ) , which verifies the effectiveness of our framework .
from the table , we can see that our proposed ed ( 1 ) and ed ( 2 ) significantly outperform other methods in terms of both meteor and rouge - l , while the human preference score is close to that of the original seq2seq model . this indicates that the proposed method is able to generate more natural and informative responses .
in order to check the percentage of genuinely bad or grammatically incorrect n - grams in test abstracts generated by system and human which appeared in training data , we checked the incidence of them in test sets . as shown in table 3 , there is no significant difference between the percentages of bad or good ngrams produced by the system and humans .
we observe that the rouge - l score increases with n and the meteor score decreases with n . we conjecture that this is because the length of the reference summaries grows as n increases and the model has to iterate over the original summary to find the appropriate number of words to copy from the input summary .
turing test performance . the number of tests and number of choices per test are also important to note . non - expert annotators pass the turing test 50 % of the time , while the nlp experts pass the test 50 % and the senior level annotator passes the test 20 % and 5 % times per test . the nlp expert outperforms the non - expert category in terms of the number of choosing of a text to annotate ( i . e . , choosing the same or different titles for the input text ) at the cost of a higher number of failed turing test choices . in general , the performance of the experts on the same text is better than that of non - experts ( e . g . , 10 % for the senior level ) . this is because the annotators tend to trust the experts more when they have a good title for the test text .
we report the mean average error ( mae ) , the standard deviation ( s ) , and the pearson correlation ( s + p ) of the five human annotators when performing the task in the same way as in the previous section ( i . e . , s + p + i ) . it can be seen that the proposed i + i method outperforms the baselines for both the verbal and the visual aspects , with the performance for the visual aspect being slightly better than for the acoustic one . this is due to the fact that the majority of the utterances in the test set of the avsd dataset contain only one or two categories of utterances , which makes the task easier .
we report the mean average error ( mae ) and the fisher ’ s exact match ( s ) as well as the pearson correlation between the annotators ’ judgments and the random forest ( rae ) we also report the pearson correlations in the last column of the table , as a way to measure the robustness of the classifiers against confounding factors . the results show that the macro average of the s + p and s + i models is 0 . 475 and 0 . 476 , respectively . the best results are obtained using the tfn model with an average mae of 1 . 181 and 1 . 193 , and the best results for the other models with the hf and tfn models are 0 . 469 .
note that the biobert model is trained on three different combinations of pmc and pubmedd datasets . the top score on the mednli test set is achieved by using the combined pubmed and pmc datasets .
our rcn model outperforms the bilstm , deat , and bimpm models on nine of the ten topics and achieves the highest accuracy on four of them : cc , fm , hc , at , la , and fr . the results show that rcn is better than the other models on all topics . note that the results of rcn are obtained without tuning on the development set , and thus are directly comparable to the evaluation results .
we can see that the accuracy of the lstm + gated cnn + feed - forward baseline is 0 . 518 , which is lower than the previous state - of - the - art result of 0 . 524 . the bert features can further improve the accuracy to 0 . 639 . however , the accuracy is still lower than that of the bert classifier ( 0 . 717 ) , which is due to the small number of training examples .
we observe that the best performance is achieved when the window size is at the height of the window ( i . e . , around the window on the right ) . however , as we move away from the symmetric window , the performance starts to decline . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the word embeddings are now closer to the embedding space of the semantic space , making it less able to capture the asymmetry of the word .
we observe that simlex999 and analogies are sensitive to the presence of cross - sentential contexts . this is not the case for semantic analogies , where the overlap between the semantic and syntactic contexts does not have a significant effect . in simlex999 , the number of analogies that can be drawn from the semantic contexts is reduced from 1 to 0 . 44 for both false and true labels . on the other hand , on the analogies dataset , this number drops from 0 . 66 to a much smaller 0 . 43 . this shows that the semantic context plays an important role in both datasets , as it allows the model to learn to better represent the semantic relations between words .
we observe that the removal of stop words significantly improves the performance of the analogy task , with the numbers increasing from 0 . 44 for the os dataset to 0 . 42 for the gw dataset . we also see that the effect is more significant for the simlex999 dataset , where the number of analogies increases from 1 . 64 to 2 . 68 .
character embeddings are an important aspect of the model that we investigate in this work . we first compare different pooling methods to see which type of pooling works best . for example , sum pooling and max pooling both outperform mean and last pooling , but the former is more robust to the presence or absence of character embedddings . we also observe that sum and max perform better than the other methods .
all models perform better on multinli overall , with esim and inneratt outperforming cbow by a large margin in the face - to - face genre . however , the performance of esim on the other genres , especially in the telephone and travel genres , drops notably .
the performance of bert models fine - tuned with normal distillation is shown in the first two columns . in the last column , we fine - tune bert on the glue task of mnli and mnli - m . the accuracy of these two datasets is very close to each other , which indicates that the dataset is not difficult for bert to perform well even when the dataset size is small .
we can see that our model outperforms all the other recent models and achieves the best scores for all language pairs . for example , our model improves the bpe score from 41 . 0 to 38 . 8 for english to french and from 31 . 6 to 33 . 1 for chinese to french , which are + 2 . 8 and + 1 . 8 bleu points absolute higher than the previous best score .
character vs bpe translation . in this section , we investigate the effectiveness of using character - based rather than bpe - based translation models for the mt task . we train character - and subword - based mt models for all language pairs and compare them with bpe models . for example , for the english to french ( enfr ) and czech to czech ( csen ) , using bpe leads to a drop from 38 . 1 bleu to 17 . 5 , while using character embeddings leads to only a drop of 1 . 8 bbleu . for the other languages ( deen , fien , and deen ) , the drop is less pronounced , only 0 . 3 and 0 . 5 bleus . this shows that character embedding models are more effective than either bpe or the delta - based models .
we find that the most common error types are lexical choice ( 19 ) , proper names ( 1 ) , and morphological and other lexical errors ( 2 ) , and dropped content ( 7 ) . dropped content is a relatively rare error type where the model fails to recognize that the target is no longer a noun but a column ( e . g . , “ what is the number of children in this tree ? ” ) .
as shown in the table , a simple encoder with 1k bpe achieves 30 . 5 bleu score on the wmt15 deen benchmark . our reimplementation of lee et al . ’ s reimpl , which uses a much larger character n - gram model , results in 28 . 0 on the standard evaluation metric . we can see that the hm - encoder outperforms the reimplemented reimpl by a large margin . for instance , the hm with 16k bpe matches the performance of the character - level bilstm encoder while using only 1 / 32th of the number of computations needed by the standard encoder .
for each method , we report the mean average precision ( μp ) , mean recall ( μr ) , mean mean f1 score ( measured by micro - average precision ( ef1 ) , and the official evaluation metric of the conll shared task zubiaga et al . as can be seen , the proposed puc method achieves the best performance in terms of all metrics and achieves the new state - of - the - art performance across all the four metrics .
the results show that bert is the best performing pre - trained language model for political speeches , with a map of 0 . 346 , exceeding the previous state - of - the - art by 0 . 024 . bert with wikipedia embeddings further improves map to 0 . 339 , which is a significant improvement of 2 . 3 % over the best previously reported result ( 0 . 267 by konstantinovskiy et al . this result shows that pre - training a large amount of wikipedia data can improve the performance of a ner model , and that the results obtained using bert are competitive with the results reported in recent literature .
finally , we compare the results of the puc model with the labels provided by two different annotators , who manually labelled the top 100 labels in each dataset with the original labels . the results show that the proposed model significantly outperforms the baselines in terms of precision , recall , and f1 - score in all three datasets . in particular , the f1 score increases from 0 . 475 to 0 . 845 for the politics dataset , from 1 . 0 to 2 . 0 for the wikipedia dataset , and from 1 to 3 . 1 for the twitter dataset . this result shows that our proposed model is able to achieve high recall , but low precision .
for stack overflow , nltk and standford corenlp perform better than sentistrength on the positive and negative labels , but worse on the negative label . on the other hand , nnlp performs better than the other two tools on the majority of the negative labels . this indicates that nlp is better at detecting negative labels than sentiment analysis tools .
as can be seen , 10rvw outperforms the other two baselines by a large margin in all cases , and the improvement is statistically significant ( α = 0 . 05 , mcnemar ’ s test , p < 0 . 01 ) . the improvements are also statistically significant in the p and s tests for wordsim and mc .
vanilla is simply a plain nmt model with the embedding layer set to the same dimension as the training data , i . e . , the encoder and decoder layers are set to 64k and 64k , respectively . we can see that the proposed rnnsearch model with source bridging achieves the best performance on the zh ⇒ en test sets , which confirms the effectiveness of our proposed model . we also find that the direct bridging of the source and target sides outperforms the other two bridging approaches , which indicates that the source - target relationship can benefit the target side more from bridging .
the shared - private model achieves the best result with a bleu score of 28 . 06 , which is significantly better than the vanilla transformer ( p < 0 . 05 ) and outperforms the three - way wt baseline by a large margin ( p < 0 . 05 ) . the result shows that the proposed model can benefit from the shared encoder and decoder layers to improve the translation quality .
these distant language pairs belong to 5 different language families ( ar , ja , ko , zh , and ar + ja ) and are written in different alphabets ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 ) . we use embeddings of size 100 , 000 and 200 , 000 for training and testing . the bleu score of the shared - private model is lower than the vanilla model when using 50 % of the training data ( 28 . 36 vs . 23 . 6 , 29 . 71 , 10 . 94 , 28 . 36 ) . when using 0 % or 50 % training data , the model underperforms the vanilla model by a large margin ( 10 . 94 vs . 21 . 00 , 17 . 84 vs . 19 . 36 ) , indicating that the model suffers from the data sparsity issue when training data is limited .
in this section , we study the effect of sharing coefficients of the parameter sharing coefficients λlm , λwf and λur on the performance of the shared - private zh - en model on the validation set of the nist chinese - english translation task . we can see that sharing the parameters of the encoder and decoder is beneficial for the model , but hurts the bleu score . we conjecture that this is because the sharing of parameters is private and the decoder and embedding layer are not exposed to the word embeddings during training . in addition , we can find that the embedding size is also important to the model . when sharing the weight matrix wf , the model achieves the best performance , which shows that word embedding dimensionality is an important factor .
the differences between gate and yedda are significant at the 0 . 01 level according to a t - test . time is measured in minutes on ubuntu and minutes on the macaroni and switchboard test set . for simplicity , we focus on the time taken by users to set up the tool and identify verbs in a 623 word news article on ubuntu . as can be seen in table 2 , the time for gate is significantly faster than either of the other two tools , while it is significantly slower than the time to initialize the slate and yedda tools . on the other hand , the differences between the runtime of gate ( 21 minutes versus 14 minutes for ubuntu and 22 minutes for macos ) are not significant .
in order to evaluate the impact of the size of the training data on the performance of the embedding models , we use the perplexity scores of the corresponding models on a held - out test set . in particular , for a given sentence with a few hundred nodes , we run the word2vec and the syntree2vec embeddings on the training set using the same amount of data as in the evaluation setting . we can see that the two embedding methods outperform the original node2vec by a large margin when the training corpus is small ( e . g . , 0 . 03mb or 0 . 07mb of sentences ) , but the performance degrades significantly when the corpus is large , e . g . when the dataset contains more than 1 . 1m nodes .
the dataset for asnq is divided into training set , development set and test set . the size of training set is set to be equal to the size of short answer passage and short answer phrase respectively . the test set is used to evaluate the performance of the model on answer sentence and long answer passage separately . the model is trained on the training set and tested on the dev set . we use the official evaluation scripts provided by the organizers to compute the label number for each answer sentence . the label number refers to the number of questions for which the model was able to answer the question correctly compared to the ground truth answer . the dataset consists of four labels : 1 ) no , no , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 . it is clear that the first label is the majority class ( class 1 ) and the second label ( class 2 ) is the most common class ( majority class ) . the third and fourth labels ( class 3 and class 4 ) are the least common classes ( minimally common class ) . finally , we use the last label ( last class ) to show that the model can answer the questions correctly compared with the first and second labels .
comp - agg + lm + lc + lc refers to the models fine - tuned on qnli dataset using the asnq dataset and the wikiqa dataset . bert - b and roberta - l refer to the bert + lstm + task - lstm models . we can see that the performance of these two models is very close , and even outperforms the original qnli dataset . we attribute this to the fact that bert is pre - trained on a large amount of unlabeled data ( millions of examples ) while the task - specific pre - training data ( asnq ) is relatively small ( only about 5k examples ) for the tanda task . the performance of bert models trained on the semeval - 2018 dataset is not as good as that of the original dataset , which is due to the size of the training data ( only around 1 . 5k examples ) . however , the performance can still be improved , especially when the target dataset is larger than the source dataset . in this section , we analyze the effect of fine - tuneing bert on the task of tanda . we notice that fine - training bert with a target dataset of the same source dataset as the target data improves the results of the model trained on that dataset . for instance , the map and mrr increase from 0 . 828 ( bert - b ft ) to 0 . 903 and 0 . 894 ( roberta - l ft ) when the model is trained on asnsq and the target datasets are wikitexta , respectively . the improvement is even more significant ( 0 . 904 map + 0 . 910 mrr ) .
comp - agg + lm + lc + lc refers to the same model using bert - b and roberta - l fine - tuned with asnq and trec - qa datasets , respectively . we can see that the performance of these two models is worse than that of the original qnli models . this is due to the nature of the dataset that the questions and answers are collected from the same source ( asnq ) and the context of the questions are the same . bert is pre - trained on the wikiqa dataset while the trec dataset is collected from different sources ( i . e . web - videos and ascnq ) . in this case , the pre - training data of bert may not be the same as the target dataset since the source dataset is different from the target one . in this experiment , we fine - tune the bert models on the asnsq dataset and evaluate them on trec . - qa . the results show that the tanda performance of the models trained with bert are worse than those trained with the original dataset ( compared to the first group of experiments ) , which indicates that fine - training bert does not help to improve the performances of the model .
s4ss3sss0px2 how much noise should we add noise ? we conduct experiments on bert - base with and without noise to see the effect of noise on the fine - tuning process . we can see that with 10 % or 20 % of the noise , the map and mrr drops on wikiqa and trec - qa are reduced by up to 13 . 88 % and 10 . 03 % respectively , which shows the robustness of bert against asnq . with 20 % noise , map drops on both datasets are reduced to 0 . 629 and 0 . 738 . this shows that the noise can effectively improve the model ’ s generalization ability to not only answer the given question but also reduce the drop in performance .
in this section , we explore the impact of different labels of asnq on fine - tuning bert for answer sentence selection . for each of the selected labels , we select the question - answer pairs of that particular label and fine - tune bert on these pairs with the selected label . the performance of bert is measured in terms of mean average precision ( map ) and mean reciprocal rank ( mrr ) , which are the two metrics used in this experiment . we can see that the choice of a particular label has a large impact on the final performance . for example , the best performing model on trec - qa has the maximum map value of 0 . 895 , and the best mrr value is obtained with neg : 1 pos : 4 . on the other hand , on wikiqa with the same set of labels neg : 2 pos : 4 , bert achieves the best performance with map value 0 . 808 , which is only 0 . 005 lower than the best model using the full set of pos .
in this section , we compare tanda with existing q & a datasets : qnli , asnq and trec - qa . we find that bert - base outperforms the current state - of - the - art in terms of map and mrr on the wikiqa dataset . however , the performance on mrr is much lower than that on the trec dataset . we conjecture that the reason is that the dataset is too small to train large - scale pre - trained language models such as bert and xlnet . in the future , we plan to further investigate the pre - training of bert on a much larger dataset .
in this section , we compare the performance of different variants of bert pre - trained on the asnq and nad tasks . we find that the large bert model outperforms the base model in terms of all the evaluation metrics . we also find that pre - training bert with the tanda task ( asnq → nad ) obtains the best performance on all the four sam / mrr metrics . in particular , we observe that bert - large obtains an improvement of + 0 . 8 % in map and + 1 % in mrr over the bert base model , which indicates that the pre - trainning of large model is beneficial .
table 3 shows the impact of having ic = 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 features on overall performance . has_diff and has_too show positive impact in terms of correlation with human judgement , + 0 . 953 and + 1 . 155 , respectively . bias terms and bias terms are also positive for this group as well as the contribution of each of the individual features . the table also shows the effect of having two or three different number of contributing features for each individual feature . if an individual feature contributes 1 value to the overall performance , it means that it has a positive impact and should be considered as a contributing feature .
in order to demonstrate the scalability of eisner , we measure the time it takes to decode an entire dataset given a random subset of the score matrix , given a set of scores . as expected , the random generated data has a big impact on cle since worst - case performance depends on the sorting bottleneck ; the figure demonstrates this by the increasingly broad standard deviation band . in terms of decoding time , eisner is more than three times faster than cle ( indicated in the right table by the number of sents / s ) given a fixed batch size of 80 sentences .
in general , our proposed model outperforms the baseline in terms of bleu score with an average of 3 . 90 , and an average error rate of 2 . 93 , indicating an error reduction of 54 . 0 % and an increase of 23 . 1 % over the baseline .
word form similarities : we measure the word form similarities between pairs of words according to the pearson ’ s correlation coefficient of their embedding vectors . the χ2 - test shows that the similarities are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) between the word vectors and the human - annotated scores . we observe that the average distance between the embedding vector of two words is 8 . 17 % and 7 . 92 % , and the median is 3 . 87 % . we can interpret this as a proof that the word embeddings of similar words tend to be more similar in the context of the same topic , i . e . , in the case of similar topics .
we first compare the performance of different models with pre - trained word embedding . we use cbow and skip - gram embeddings for character - based and word2vec embedding models . we observe that our model significantly outperforms the other models . the performance of char - cnn and w2v ( skip ) is comparable to that of fasttext ( skip ) . however , our model outperforms both of them by a large margin when the number of authors is relatively small .
our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art model ( hexaf - ucl ) by 0 . 4 % in terms of label accuracy ( ρ = 0 . 76 ) .
in order to evaluate the question generation system , we use fever dataset which is one of the most popular question answering datasets in recent years . in fever dataset , each claim is associated with a set of questions and converted to questions . the conversion accuracy is defined as the ratio of the number of questions converted to valid questions to the total number of valid questions in the dataset . the system is trained on the fever training set , and tested on the development and test sets . the evaluation metric used in this evaluation is the average of the converted questions and the average number of claims per claim . we report the converted accuracy of the system on the whole fever data as well as the average numbers of questions per claim in each training set and the test set .
from the table , we can see that the test set of fever achieves 87 . 04 % label accuracy , which is close to the system ’ s performance on the training set ( 87 . 04 % ) and the development set ( 86 . 7 % ) . from the results of the fever dataset , it can be seen that the system achieves high label accuracy on both the training and the test sets . from the result of the question generation system , it is clear that it can answer the question correctly on both types of sets .
in this section , we present the results of sota , bert and bert_wikirand trained with and without the proposed wikicrem . we observe that sota achieves the best performance in terms of all evaluation metrics in both transductive and non - transductive scenarios . in the non - ductive scenario , bert achieves a higher f1 score than bert but a lower fm1 score . bert achieves higher fm1 but lower f1 than bertrand , indicating that there is still a large gap between bert and the other models . bert with the wikirand training data ( fm1 score of 55 . 1 % ) achieves the worst performance , which indicates that the model does not have enough training data to generalize well in this case . on the other hand , bert ’ s performance is close to sota and even outperforms sota when there is no train data . this shows that the training data is sufficient to train bert and wikirand .
for the first experiment , we randomly sampled a set of authors from the training set and trained a classifier for each of them using the pretrained embeddings . in addition , we also trained a model using a non - pretrained embedding . the reason for the difference in performance between the two models is due to the fact that the embedding layer in the encoder is pretrained while the representation in the decoder is randomly sampled from a different training set . this makes the training more difficult . for the second experiment , authors were selected based on their popularity and number of reviews in the test set . in this experiment , the number of reviewers was set as low as six and as high as eight authors . the performance of the models was evaluated using accuracy for each author as well as for the entire dataset . the results show that the model trained using the pre - trained embedding outperforms the models pretrained on the entire training set by a large margin .
table 1 shows the average accuracy of the different systems when using the manual and transformer baselines . as expected , the best results are obtained by using the transformer baseline . however , the results obtained using the encode baseline are slightly lower than those obtained with the manual baseline . in general , we see that the accuracy obtained using transformer is slightly better than using the exact match baseline .
for the tigrinya and oromo datasets , pbel achieves the best performance with accuracies of 0 . 33 and 0 . 11 , respectively . for the lang . dataset , the exact match score is 0 . 00 and the unsupervised baselines are 0 . 01 . the trans - supervised baseline is much lower than the trans - unsupervised and the encode baseline , indicating that the task is difficult even for humans . our method outperforms the baselines in terms of both precision and recall for both languages .
we first compare entity linking accuracy with pbel , using graphemes , phonemes or articulatory features as input . the grapheme - based model achieves the best performance in 9 out of 12 pairs , with a spearman ’ s ρ between . 00 and . 50 . the addition of phonemes and articulatory features to the model improves performance in one language pair after another , with the largest improvement in the case of basque ( from . 86 to . 93 ) . the improvement in performance is less pronounced in other languages , with less than 2 % change in accuracy across all pairs .
the results show that bert nli and bert rc achieve the best performance on both datasets . bertnli outperforms bertrc by 0 . 5 % and 0 . 8 % on the wikipedia dataset when the training data is the same as the test data . this shows that the scenario information is helpful for nli to predict the correct answer . in addition , the results indicate that scenario helps bertnli achieve better performance .
in this section , we present the results of the first experiment on the caption retrieval task for the cocoder - decoder cross - lingual retrieval task . for this experiment , we use en as the embedding language and use the target language as the decoder and compare the retrieval performance with previous state - of - the - art methods . as can be seen , our reimplementation of vse obtains slightly better results than the original vse embeddings in terms of r @ 1 , r @ 5 and r @ 10 . our reimplementation using bv and w2v as the visual features achieves comparable retrieval performance to the original vse . the results show that the visual information captured by the two visual features are complementary to each other and that the combination of both visual and visual information contributes to the best results .
in this section , we compare the proposed muse and bv embeddings with the baseline models for image retrieval on the coc dataset . the results show that using either bv or w2v as the embedding pre - trained on the french captions of the ms coco dataset improves the retrieval performance by 0 . 6 % and 0 . 8 % in terms of r @ 1 and r @ 5 , respectively . we also observe that using the fasttext embedding as the pre - training embedding results in a slight improvement of 0 . 3 % in r @ 10 . the best result is achieved by using all the five senses together , i . e . , en + fr + de .
muse . we use the multi30k dataset from muse . org to evaluate the impact of using different languages with muse . we train models with en , fr , de , en + fr , de and cs on the training set and evaluate them on the test set using 10 - fold cross validation . we observe that models trained with different languages benefit from each other , and the overall best performance is achieved when using all the languages together .
multilingual image @ 10 : we train different languages with bv embeddings on multi30k dataset and compare their performance on different image captioning tasks . we use en , fr , de , en + fr and en + de as the training languages and use en as the inference languages . we observe that the performance degrades when using different training languages , which is consistent with our intuition . the bv - embeddings help to improve the image @ 10 performance for all the languages when trained with different languages . however , when using the en - fr and de - en languages , the performance drops significantly . we conjecture that this is due to the fact that the multi - lingual training data is small and the model needs to learn a common representation for all languages .
for dbidaf , dbert , droberta and their variants , we randomly sample 100 examples from the test set for each question , and ask one annotator ( a non - expert ) to answer the remaining 50 examples for a randomly - selected set of questions . the annotators are asked to choose the best answer according to their reasoning skills and previous knowledge about the dataset as well as the model ’ s architecture . we observe that human performance on this dataset is lower than on the development set , indicating that the dataset is more challenging .
in this section , we evaluate the performance of pg + m1 , m1 − latent , m2 − shallow , and m2 + m2 - latent on the test set of mcnewsqa using rouge - l and f1 score . we can see that adding m1 to the baseline pg model results in a significant performance boost , which indicates that the document - level latent information is helpful to generate more informative summaries . moreover , the addition of m2 to the basic pg model leads to a slight performance drop . we conjecture that the reason may be that the latent information may help the model to focus more on important sentences in the first sentence and lose some important information in the subsequent sentences . on the other hand , employing m1 with shallow fusion also leads to performance drop , which shows that the fusion of document level and document level information is important for the final summary .
all models benefit from m1 in terms of both mae and mape . for the cnn w / glove model , m1 + m1 - latent shows significant improvements over the baseline ( p < 0 . 05 ) , confirming that m1 helps in reducing mae . the bi - lstm w / latent model shows the best performance overall , with m2 + m2 - shallow showing a small but consistent advantage over m1 . we also note that m2 does not seem to help in the cnn model , which we believe is similar to the observation of \ newcitesennrich - haddow - birch : 2015 : emnlp2016 , i . e . the model does not benefit from using latent features .
ag ’ s and snli , and the movietriples dataset on which bertsdv performs the best on the imdb and news datasets respectively . we can see that the performance of our model decreases as the number of layers increases , which is consistent with the findings in [ liu2019multimodal ] . the reason may be that larger k allows the discriminative power of the pre - trained representations to be transferred to the downstream task , while smaller k introduces more parameters and thus more computation time .
from the table , we can see that : [ leftmargin = * ] bertvote outperforms bertbase and ulmfit by a large margin on all the test datasets , which verifies the effectiveness of the proposed model . compared with bert , our model achieves the best performance on ag ’ s news , dbpedia , yelp p . edia , and yelp f . reviewing the results , we find that our model outperforms the original bert by a significant margin , i . e . , outperforms it by a margin of 1 . 3 % ( p < 0 . 01 ) and 0 . 5 % ( 0 . 2 % ) on the test error rate . this verifies that the pre - trained bert has a strong ability of pre - training a large - scale language model on a wide range of tasks , such as nlp tasks , sentiment analysis , and multi - label text classification , and our model is able to adapt well to such tasks without any loss in performance . in addition , compared with the previous state - of - the - art bert models , our proposed model achieves an improvement of 0 . 6 % on the yelp f test set , which further verifies its effectiveness .
we report test error rate and accuracy on imdb and ag ’ s news for fine - tuning bert - large ( bert - l ) . for snli , we report accuracy of 5 . 49 % , 6 . 59 % , 7 . 02 % and 7 . 1 % , respectively . we can see that our method ( berert - lsda ( k = t − 1 ) consistently outperforms mt - dnn with a large margin on all three datasets . we attribute this to the fact that multi - task learning allows the model to benefit from knowledge obtained from other tasks while the model is pre - trained only on the supervised tasks .
transdg achieves the best performance in all the three categories , and outperforms the other models in most of the perplexity values . it is worth noting that embedding - based models , such as ccm and postks , perform better than seq2seq , memnet , copynet , and memnet in the high , medium , low , and oov categories , but they do not perform well in the oov category . we think that this is because memnet and copynet are better at copying the words from the source sentence , which are more likely to appear in the target text than the words copied from the original text . in addition , the performance of postks and ccm is poor in the low and high categories , because the source sentences in these three categories are usually long and the target texts in these four categories contain a lot of words that are not seen in the training set , which also explain the poor performance of these two models in these two categories . on the other hand , transddg outperforms all the baseline models , especially in the low and high perplexity cases , which shows that transdgv is better at generating high - quality and low - quality words .
the evaluation results show that transdg achieves the best performance in most of the categories and outperforms all the baseline models in all the settings . it is worth noting that the performance of other baseline models is worse than that of our proposed model , which indicates that there is still a lot of room for improvement in the quality of entity embeddings . in addition , we can see that the overall score of seq2seq is the worst among the baselines , which shows that the simple sequential encoder - decoder architecture is not good enough to capture the semantic information of multi - word entities . memnet and copynet are the best performing models in the “ low ” and “ oov ” categories , because they can capture the information of rare words and named entities . ccm and postks are the worst ones in “ high ” category , since they only capture information of named entities and cannot capture the semantics of the whole text .
automatic evaluation we use bleu score because it is the most commonly used evaluation metric in automatic evaluation of summarization models . transdg significantly outperforms other models with large margins on all metrics , which indicates that our model generates more informative and grammatical summaries . besides , the performance of ccm and postks is slightly worse than that of copynet . we assume that this is because the pre - training data of these two models does not provide enough training data to improve their performance .
human evaluation we conduct human evaluation on the cnn / daily mail test set . we randomly select 200 samples from the test set and each sample consists of an input message and a response generated by different models . following zhou et al . the three aspects are : ( 1 ) fluency , ( 2 ) relevance , ( 3 ) correctness . from the table , we can see that transdg outperforms all the baselines significantly in terms of all three aspects , which indicates that our model is able to generate more fluent and grammatical responses . besides , our model also achieves the highest score in relevance and correctness , which means that our responses are more relevant to the source message and less grammatical .
s4ss3sss0px3 component ablation to show the effectiveness of different components of transdg , we conduct an ablation study on the test set . we first remove the knowledge - to - text transformer ( qrt ) model , and then examine the performance of entity generation . we can see that the entity score drops from 37 . 53 to 37 . 17 , which indicates that knowledge is indeed important for the persona generation . besides , the performance also drops from 44 . 15 to 42 . 17 when removing qrt and kst , which means that both knowledge and knowledge are necessary to generate the persona responses . next , we remove the query rewriting module ( rga ) , and the performance drops to 38 . 62 and 38 . 18 , indicating that rga is also necessary to obtain the correct knowledge representation . finally , we replace the memory - augmented transformer with the plain transformer model ( transdg w / o qrt + kst ) , which also means that knowledge generation module is also important . the bleu score drops to 1 . 106 and 1 . 114 , which shows that the model is able to utilize the knowledge representation to improve the generation quality .
from the table , we can observe that : ( 1 ) our full model achieves the best average score across all the tasks , which verifies the effectiveness and generalizability of our proposed model . ( 2 ) compared with previous methods , our full model outperforms all the baselines by a large margin , which indicates that our model is able to capture the rich features of each task . ( 3 ) comparing with the best previous models , our final model significantly outperforms them on all the four major classes , which shows the advantage of our model in capturing richer features .
in this section , we compare the results of the three different look - ahead strategies with the greedy search and the beam search on the im2latex - 100k bi - lstm model . we observe that the first two strategies ( 2 - la and 3 - la ) are more directly comparable to the search because of their same beam size . however , the use of la leads to a slight drop in performance . on the other hand , the third and fourth strategies ( la = 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ) improve the results compared to the results obtained using greedy search . finally , the results show that the best results are obtained when using la = 5 and beam search ( b = 10 ) . note that the result obtained using beam search is better than the results achieved with greedy search by using the best score .
the average number of words per question and answer for dsquad , dbidaf , dbert , and droberta is 10 . 3 , 9 . 8 , and 10 . 0 , respectively . the answer length of questions and answers are also relatively short , ranging from 2 . 6 to 3 . 2 words . the average n - gram overlap between passage and question is 3 . 0 for dbertt , 2 . 2 for dblt and 2 . 1 for droroberta . for answer length , answer length is also very short for all models . for example , in the average length of the answer for dbmt model , the answer is 2 . 9 , which is shorter than that of the dbidaf model .
however , either the la module or the beam search method harm the performance when the length of the target sentences is longer than 25 words . we show that the look - ahead module is able to do the translation better than the other two search strategies . we also observe that the difference between 2 - la and 4 - la is not significant . however , we find that the greedy search strategy harms the performance of the lstm model when the target length is short or the source length is too long . for example , the bleu score drops from 31 . 67 to 32 . 20 when the source and target length are both short ( 1 - la ) and ( 2 - la ) , respectively . on the other hand , the results show that with the la - based search strategy , we can achieve the best performance ( 4 - la ) . in addition , we also find that using beam search ( b = 10 ) hurts the performance . we believe that the reason is that the search space of beam search is very small when compared to greedy search , and thus it consumes a lot of time and memory .
in this section , we show the results of applying the la module to the transformer model on the wmt14 dataset . we find that the addition of la module slightly improves the performance of the original search strategy but harms the training time step . we suggest one of the reasons of these results are caused by the eos problem . when the la time step is 5 , the model achieves the best bleu score of 27 . 5 , which is slightly better than the greedy search but still worse than the beam search strategy .
in order to integrate auxiliary eos loss into the training state , we need to balance the weight of the auxiliary loss with the greedy search . we find that the eos losses not only boosts the performance of the model when using greedy search , but also makes the model more robust to the hyperparameter search . for example , the model trained with γ = 0 . 25 achieves the best wer 27 . 71 % compared to 27 . 50 % obtained by the model with greedy search and 27 . 55 % relative wer reduction compared to the corresponding model trained without auxiliary loss . this shows that the proposed auxiliary loss not only improves the training performance but also the model is more robust .
on the wmt ’ 14 en - de and en - fr datasets , our proposed local joint self - attention model achieves 29 . 7 and 43 . 3 bleu score respectively , which outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models by 0 . 8 and 0 . 7 bleus on the two datasets respectively . on the iwli - 14 de - en dataset , our model also outperforms all the previous models and achieves the state of the art score of 35 . 7 , which also surpasses the performance of the previous best model ott2018scaling by 1 . 0 and 1 . 2 points on these two datasets .
the proposed method outperforms state - of - the - art results by 80 . 7 % in terms of pixel - wise error reduction and achieves nearly perfect accuracy . the pixel - level results of the proposed method are better than those of citlab argus linedetect [ gruuening2017robust ] and the tight polygons method [ simistira2017icdar2017 ] but worse than the method described in the paper on the diva - hisdb dataset .
the results show that our text - line extraction method outperforms all the other methods listed with the difference that every method listed has received the ground truth semantic segmentation at pixel - level as input . the proposed method achieves a pixel - wise accuracy of 100 . 0 % and a line - level accuracy of 97 . 22 % , which outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by a large margin and is a new state of the art in terms of both accuracy and efficiency . the results also show that the proposed method is capable of extracting text lines from the text data with a precision higher than 99 . 25 % .
for the first task , the sentence retrieval task , we compare the performance of referit with other methods on flickr30k and mscoco with respect to the number of training images . the second task involves the phrase - grounding task , where the task is to find the sentence which contains the phrase that is semantically closest to the image . we compare the transfer learning methods with other state - of - the - art methods for this task . referit is a graph encoder - decoder model trained from scratch . the third task is the text - to - clip model , which uses the same image - caption retrieval task to generate the sentence , and the fourth task is vqa , which tests the ability of the model to visualise and reason about the words in the sentence . similar to the cite and eemn tasks , we train a model from scratch for each task , and evaluate its performance on the test set . we report the average of the 4 evaluation metrics ( bleu - 4 , cider , meteor , rouge - l , and sacred ) and the bleu score as well as the percentage of the correct answer among all the test images . we observe that referit outperforms other methods across all the three evaluation metrics on both datasets .
for the first task , the sentence retrieval task , our word2vec + wn model significantly outperforms all baselines across all metrics on both datasets . it achieves a bleu - 4 score of 79 . 2 and a cider score of 33 . 24 on the flickr30k and mscoco datasets , which outperforms the previous state - of - the - art scores by a large margin . for the second task , we compare our model with the self - attention model proposed by \ newcitelevy - etal : 2017 : p14 - 1 ( self - attention + ft ) , which uses a bidirectional lstm encoder - decoder architecture to encode the image and the question simultaneously . our model outperforms this model by a huge margin and achieves a much higher cider score of 51 . 6 . we believe that this is due to the fact that our model is pre - trained on image - caption pairs and not on the referit or text - to - clip datasets . the third task is the phrase - grounding task , which is more challenging than the image captioning task as it requires to find the sentence that is semantically coherent with the image . we compare our models with two baselines , average embedding + ft and our model consistently outperforms these baselines on all metrics and achieves the best results on all three datasets .
in this section , we evaluate the performance of the butd and r - cnn models on the image captioning and phrase - grounding tasks . for the image - sentence retrieval task , we use the same evaluation metric as \ newcitedblp : journals / corr / abs - 1911 - 10683 , i . e . , bleu - 4 , cider and accuracy . we compare our approach with several baselines : fasttext embeddings trained from scratch on the scan training set , a pre - trained embedding obtained by fasttext using the qa training set ( cf . training from scratch results in a significant drop in performance across all metrics . multi - task pretraining with the target task as the source task further improves the performance by a large margin compared to training from scratch . however , the overall performance of our approach is still lower than the state - of - the - art butd model . we believe that the reason is that butd uses a much larger number of task - specific embedding vectors ( up to 10 , 000 ) compared to our approach ( 10 , 000 ) . this results in more parameters that need to be learned during training .
s4ss3sss0px3 multi - task pretraining we compare the effect of multi - task training for different tasks on the image captioning and text - to - clip tasks . in the first group of experiments , we pretrain the grovle model with the tasks that directly benefit from the image - sentence retrieval task , namely , phrase grounding and text captioning , and the vqa task . in this section , we study the effects of pretraining the model with other tasks by fine - tuning it with the target task as the source task . the results show that the performance of the model is improved significantly when the target tasks are more closely related to the training tasks . for example , the mean accuracy of the phrase grounding task increases from 61 . 47 % to 61 . 53 % when the training target task is the image captioning task , which is an absolute improvement of 2 . 5 % . in addition , the cider score increases from 93 . 3 % to 93 . 2 % and the bleu - 4 score improves from 76 . 4 % to 74 . 4 % .
adversarial effect . we evaluate the robustness of the adversarial effect by keeping the model in the loop when retraining the model and evaluating its performance on the dev and test set . for instance , the model is retrained using - dev and tested on the - test set . we can see that for both bidaf and droberta , the accuracy of - dev is lower than that of - test by a large margin . for bert , the opposite is true : the accuracy is higher in - dev but lower in - test . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that bert has seen a large number of adversarial examples during training and is thus less likely to overfit to the dev set .
from the table , we can see that both ataml and cmaml significantly outperform both seq2seq and speaker - f in terms of all the automatic evaluation metrics , which indicates that these two methods are better at modeling the content of the multi - speaker responses than the baseline methods . the results also show that paml is slightly better than the other two aml variants , which suggests that the two measures are complementary to each other and can act as a better inductive bias for the model to learn better representations . atamaml achieves the highest diversity score , which means that the aml models can produce more diverse and grammatical responses , and the differences between different utterances are reduced by a large margin , which shows that the mutual information between utterances can help improve the quality of the generated responses . note that the differences in diff score and c score between different models are small , so we do not observe significant differences in these metrics .
we conduct experiments on three datasets : dsquad , dbidaf , droberta and dnq . the size of the training dataset is set to 10k , 40 . 6k , 50k and 100k , and the test dataset is held out to evaluate the model ’ s ability to generalize to unseen large scale datasets . the model is trained for 10 epochs and evaluated on the test set after which the model is tested on the training set of the larger dataset . we can see that the model trained with dsqad outperforms its training dataset with 10k examples , which indicates that the generalization ability of the model has been greatly improved .
we observe that the same architecture trained on one split of the two datasets consistently outperforms training on the other on both datasets , and that training on both gives the best results . therefore , we use this architecture for the rest of the experiments .
for each input sentence , we randomly sample a sample of 50 sentences ( out of the original 100 ) and manually count how many times it is unambiguous ( i . e . missing , incorrect , or repeated ) and ( ii ) how often it is exactly the same as the input sentence ( indicated in bold in the table as “ unsupported ” ) . the results show that the ag18 dataset is the most unambiguous , with 95 % of its sentences unambiguous . for the websplit and wikisplit datasets , the number of unambiguous sentences is 58 and 47 , respectively . the vast majority of these sentences ( 91 % ) are either missing ( 32 % ) or repeated ( 22 % ) ( 95 % ) or both ( 95 % ) . the remaining sentences ( 8 ) are either both ( 0 ) or neither ( 0 ) . this shows the difficulty of the task .
we see that the performance on the websplit v1 . 0 test set improves from 58 . 7 to 62 . 4 bleu and from 30 . 5 to 60 . 1 sbleu , compared to the previous state - of - the - art by aharoni : 2018 , which used the full websplit training set , whereas we downsampled the training set to hold the architecture fixed . as expected , the performance degrades as the training data size decreases , as expected . however , we still see strong performance across all metrics , with simple sentences being the easiest to parse , and tokens per simple sentence being the most efficient among the other metrics .
in this section , we compare the quality of the local embeddings produced by our model to those produced by a global one . for instance , for the basic embedding , the average number of walks in the movie and movie_en_movies dataset is . 80 and . 50 , respectively , as opposed to . 50 and . 70 for the average of local and global embedding . the reason for the difference is that movies and reviews in this dataset tend to have a shorter distance to the nearest neighbor in terms of the distance between the training and test sets , which makes local embedding extraction more effective . on the other hand , in the case of embdi , the distance is much larger due to the distance of the training set to the test set , which allows for a better local representation to be learned . as a result , the walks produced by embdi are much more accurate .
for seepp , embdi and seepl , the results show that there is no statistically significant difference ( p - value ¡ 0 . 05 ) between the mean and the standard deviation of the scores . this is due to the fact that the majority of the referential pairs ( 87 out of 95 ) have a high standard deviation ( ≥ 0 . 05 ) . this shows that the quality of the generated references is not heavily dependent on the number of referents per category .
for er , the supervised deeper models outperform the unsupervised ones by a large margin ( 6 points absolute f - score on average ) , and the improvement is statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) across all categories . the most significant improvement is observed for movie and movie reviews , where the supervised model outperforms the basic model by over 20 points ( p ≈ 8 . 5 ) and 10 points absolute .
in order to verify the effectiveness of our proposed framework , we conduct experiments on three different models : ( 1 ) bidaf , ( 2 ) dsquad , ( 3 ) dldaf and ( 4 ) droberta . for the first two models , we fine - tune them on the training dataset of their respective original datasets , and then evaluate their performance on the test dataset of the respective datasets . the results show that the fine - tuned models perform significantly better than the original models on both datasets , which verifies the effectiveness and generalizability of the proposed framework . in particular , we observe that the performance of dldafc reaches the best level when the model is pre - trained on both the datasets . this indicates that the pre - training of a large - scale language model such as dbidaf can help improve the generalization ability of a small - scale model . the second model ( dsquad + dla ) further boosts the performance by adding a large amount of supervised training data into the training data , which further verifies its effectiveness . finally , the third model ( bidaf + dla ) outperforms all the baselines by a large margin , showing the validity of our framework . from the results , we can see that dla can further improve the performances of both datasets .
for the automatic evaluation , we randomly sample a random sample of 1000 sentences from the evaluation set and manually evaluate the quality of the summarization results . we observe that the complex and minwikisplit summarization problems are the most difficult to solve , with the complex being the easiest to solve as the majority of the examples can be solved by the simplest baselines . the same and ldsc models are able to solve most of the same problems , however , the samsaabl and samsa models tend to solve more complex problems than the other two models . this is due to the fact that these two models are designed for single - sentence summarization , which may not be suitable for multi - document summarization . on the other hand , our samsa algorithms are more robust to the number of sentences in the summary , with only 3 . 84 % of examples having less than 10 sentences ( compared to 30 . 75 % and 17 . 73 % for same , and 1 . 18 % and 0 . 48 % for ldsc ) . this shows that our algorithms are capable of solving more complex and less complex problems compared to the other algorithms . in addition , we also notice that the difficulty of the tasks is more mitigated in the hierarchical same algorithm than in the simple samsa algorithm . this indicates that the hierarchical approach is more suitable for single document summarization than the simple one .
we conducted a qualitative evaluation to assess the quality of the generated summaries . we randomly sampled a sample of 300 sentences from minwikisplit and asked human annotators to rate these sentences from three aspects : grammar , meaning preservation , and structural simplicity . the rating scale ranges from 1 ( very bad ) to 5 ( very good ) . we observe that the summaries generated by our model are grammatical and meaning preservation the most , which is in line with the automatic evaluation results . the summaries also achieve higher structural simplicity than the ones generated by other models .
table 1 shows the number of labels and annotation tags used by the creators of these datasets . golbeck2017 and davidsonwmw17 are among the best - known hate speech annotators , having labeled over a quarter of the tweets in the dataset as hateful ( or harassment ) and the other half as neither hateful nor offensive . dblp : conf / naacl / waseemh16 is a collection of tweets from 16 , 914 users that were annotated as racist , sexist , normal and able - to - harassment . the fountadclbsvsk18 and hatelingo datasets are collected from 20 , 000 tweets that were labeled abusive , hateful , abusive and hateful speech by 3 different annotators . our dataset is different from the other datasets in that we do not require annotators to label five different aspects , and we only require one annotator to label each tweet .
we compare our proposed models with the state - of - the - art models in terms of precision ( % ) , recall ( % ) , and f1 - score ( % ) . our proposed models outperform the previous state of the art models by a large margin . for example , our pairwise ranknet achieves 24 . 97 % and 28 . 97 % , which outperforms the previous best model dream - xlnet [ xlnetgraph ] by 1 . 6 % and 1 . 4 % in terms , respectively . our pointwise and hnm - enhanced models also achieve competitive performance , which indicates that the hnm mechanism is complementary to the pointwise objective function .
the macro - and micro - averaged f1 scores show that our models outperform the majority classifier and the lr classifier on both languages . the best performance is achieved by the mtsl model , which outperforms the lr and majority classifiers by a large margin on average . the stsl model shows the best performance on the direct relation extraction and the shortest path extraction tasks . on the other hand , we observe that the stsl models have the lowest scores on the shortest paths extraction .
the macro - and micro - averaged f1 scores show that the neural models outperform the majority classifier and the lr classifier on average . stml shows the best performance on english and french datasets , and mtsl performs the best on german and romanian datasets .
we can see that multilingual bert outperforms the baseline model in terms of both exact match and f1 - score on both french and japanese squad . for japanese , our model achieves the highest exact match ( 61 . 83 ) and the highest value of em ( 59 . 94 ) , which means that our model can find the exact location of the answer in a region that is far away from the ground - truth .
table 2 shows the best exact match and f1 - score of multilingual bert on each of the cross - lingual bert models for the paragraph and the question . the table shows that the model performs better than bilingual bert for the context questions , but worse for the english questions . the reason for this may be that the english context questions contain much more non - standard expressions and adverbs that are difficult to translate into the target language .
from the table , we can observe that : 1 ) pairwise ranknet consistently outperforms the pointwise version of hnm in terms of both the fever score and the label accuracy . 2 ) bert & bert ( large ) outperforms all the other models , which indicates that the pre - trained bert embeddings are complementary to each other and can act as a better inductive bias for our task . 3 ) in the next experiment , we use bert large as the baseline model and bert + bert as the final model . 4 ) in this experiment , the bert based models achieve the best performance , which proves that bert is complementary to bert - large . 5 ) the best performance of bert + bert & ukp - athene is achieved by using bert large model as the initial model and then fine - tuning bert on the athene and ucl corpora jointly . this proves the effectiveness of the proposed approach .
the “ constrained ” configuration corresponds to training and testing on the dev and test sets of each language pair separately , and the “ full dev ” condition corresponds to testing on both the test and the dev set . we observe that models trained in the constrained configuration perform significantly better than models trained with the unrestricted condition in both tracks . this is to be expected if the models are optimized for nlg , they are less likely to overfit to the constrained conditions in the dev or test set .
we see that our 4 - player model significantly outperforms wiseman et al . ’ s model ( 14 . 5 bleu ) on the rotowire - test set , and is on par with the state - of - the - art ( 16 . 5 ) on opennli - test . this shows that our model is fairly robust to tokenization changes .
we perform an ablation study of the english nlg model , starting from a 3 best player baseline to a 10 best model ensemble . we find that removing any individual player from the model decreases performance from 22 . 7 to 20 . 4 bleu on the test set . removing the player position has no effect on the final score , but shuffling all the players has a negative impact ( 20 . 0 to 20 , 9 ) . next , we remove the week day and team - level sums , and remove most tags from the tags of the tags . this results in a slight drop in performance from 20 . 8 to 19 . 7 . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the sums are computed by summing up the sums of all the team - generated tags , which are then averaged over all the tags in the sequence .
for low - resource training setups ( none , tiny 5k , tiny 10k or small 10k labeled danish sentences ) we use the same multilingual embedding matrix as in the zero - shot setting , i . e . , we use a 3 . 2k sentence , 51k token version of the english wikilarge corpus . we observe that the generalization is robust to the size of the source data , with the best performance coming from using either the large english corpus ( 14k sentences / 203k tokens ) or the medium corpus ( 3 . 8k sentences , 51k tokens ) which contains the same amount of training data as the tiny corpus . the best performance is obtained using the large corpus ( 70 . 01 % f1 score ) which is also much larger than the tiny one ( 37 . 48 % ) . this shows that the transfer method is robust even in very small training sets .
on the test set , the polyglot model outperforms the dkie model and the majority baseline by a large margin . bilstm obtains the best overall f1 score of 70 . 8 % on per and 83 . 3 % on loc , and 86 . 6 % on org .
for each of the three models , we report f1 @ 5 scores on the test sets of inspec , krapivin , nus and nus . the results show that our model outperforms all the other models in terms of f1 - score on all the three datasets . in particular , our model achieves the best performance on the nus dataset with an absolute improvement of 4 . 8 % over the best performing baseline model , catseqd , and a significant improvement of 2 . 3 % over rnnseq and 2 . 7 % over cnnseq . the performance on inspec dataset is also boosted by the addition of the kb - level and document - level meta - data features , which improves the results by 1 . 4 % and 1 . 2 % respectively . for the semeval and kp20k datasets , the performance of our model is competitive with the best baseline models .
it can be observed that the three proposed models outperform the baselines for both present and absent user intent prediction . notably , the best performing model is catseqtg - 2rf1 rf1 , which outperforms the best non - rage - based model by 0 . 956 mae and 1 . 541 mae in the present condition , and outperforms all other models by a large margin in the absent condition , showing that the model is better at predicting the user intent in the past than in the future .
in this section , we conduct an ablation study on the kp20k dataset to evaluate the contribution of each component in our full rl approach . in particular , we replace the two separate rf1 reward signals in our approach with only one rf1 ( i . e . , rf1 - 2rf1 ) for all the generated keyphrases in the training set . the results show that both the adaptive and f1 reward functions play an important role in the rl approach , and replacing any of them with a single rf1 signal degrades the performance . more importantly , the performance of the catseq - 2f1 model is even worse than that of the vanilla seq2seq model . this indicates that the two kinds of rf1 signals are more important for the rl task at present keyphrase extraction .
for both the old and the new settings , the best performing models are catseq - 2rf1 and catseacorr rf1 , with the best performance for the present split being obtained by the latter outperforming the latter in both present and absent cases . notably , in both cases , the improvements are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 05 ) with a 95 % bootstrap re - sampling ( conclusion test , fig .
the percentage of stopwords in generated responses is much higher than that of human responses ( e . g . , 13 . 7 % vs . 6 . 3 % ) . this shows that the generated responses are more likely to be end - to - end ( i . e . , non - overlapping ) with respect to the ground truth responses . the diversity of responses is also significantly higher than human responses , indicating that mmi can encourage the generation of diverse responses . although the percentage of distinct - 1 and distinct - 2 of responses generated by mmi + rl is much lower than those of the original models , we hypothesize that this is because mmi encourages the model to generate more diverse responses but also more stopwords .
first of all , we observe that mmi improves the coherence of the utterances produced by the augmented and non - ar models . the relative improvement of mmi over the human utterances is 17 . 4 % , 20 . 8 % , and 61 . 8 % for nonar , ar , and mmi + diverse , respectively . this shows that diverse and diverse diverse utterances benefit more from mmi than the original utterances in terms of coherence . moreover , the performance of nonar + mmi is much lower than that of ar , which shows that the adversarial training helps more in improving the content richness of the generated utterances than training the baseline models directly .
gu et al . from the table , we observe that our implementation of nat ( our implementation ) achieves 22 . 32 and 24 . 83 bleu score on wmt14 en → de and 26 . 05 and 30 . 50 on de → en and wmt16 ro → en , respectively , which outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models by 1 . 48 and 1 . 22 points , respectively . combining nat with mmi obtains a further improvement of + 0 . 57 and + 1 . 22 on en ↔ de and de ↔ en over the nat model alone , which indicates the effectiveness of mmi in improving the translation quality of rnn - based nat models .
for the german compounds dataset , we use a nominal compound dataset with a total of 32 , 246 nominal compounds and a training set of 6442 compounds . we observe that transweight - feat , which uses a matrix transformation with t = 100 transformations and word embeddings with n = 200 , works best on the test set . the transweight variants , which use tn2 + n and tn + n , both outperform the variants using matrix transformations , and also the transweight variant using a dropout rate of 0 . 1 . for the romanian compounds , we observe that using a matrix weighting with tn = 3 works best , which is in line with the results on the english compounds dataset .
observations regarding the qualitative analysis of the extracted lexical units , we observe that the cosine similarity between english and german nominal compounds is higher for the first compound type ( q1 – q3 ) than for the second one ( q2 – q4 ) . this is due to the fact that german and english have very different lexical relations , i . e . , german is more similar to english than english is to german and german to english . in addition , the quantity of nominal compounds in our extracted lexicons is higher than that of the other lexical types , so the lexical quantity extracted from the training corpus is larger than that extracted lexically from the english training corpus . this phenomenon is observed in the case of the adjective - noun and adverb - adjective phrases types , where the quantity in the training set is much larger than in the english lexicon . the reason is that these types of phrases tend to include more words that are used in the target language , e . g . , “ favour ” and “ wanting ” , which are used to refer to the purchase of stuff .
for the cnn models , we can see that the addition of ent - sent and ent - dym significantly improves the performance in both bilstm and cnn models . however , the performance of cnn models is slightly worse than that of bilaser models . we conjecture that this is due to the fact that cnn models can capture more fine - grained entity - level features , such as the presence or absence of specific entity tags in a sentence , and thus tend to overfit on the training data . on the other hand , bert models suffer from the data sparsity issue .
we observe that bertbase with epoch = 3 performs the best on trecqa and wikiqa , while it performs the worst on the other four datasets . we believe that the reason is that the training data of semevalcqa is relatively small and the model needs to be trained for long epochs to get good performance . we also observe that with the increase of the number of epochs , the map and mrr scores of the model get improved . however , the mrr and map scores do not follow a consistent trend . for example , at the epoch of 3 , the model is able to achieve mrr of 0 . 877 and 0 . 942 , but the map score is 0 . 872 , which is worse than the one obtained by the model with epochs of 3 . in addition , we observe that the map scores at the end of training also get improved , i . e . , when the epochs are close to the end ( e . g . , from 3 to 5 ) , but the result is still worse than that obtained with the whole epochs . we conjecture that the problem of overfitting is more severe when training the model for long .
for the cnn models , adding the ent - only and ent - sent vectors improves the f1 score from 59 . 1 % to 59 . 2 % for the bilstm models . adding the same set of additional vectors from the original ent - dep1 and dep0 embeddings does not improve the performance further . the reason may be that the embedding space of the first sentence of a news article is much smaller than that of the whole article , and thus more training data is needed to learn the compositionality of the sentences .
semantic annotations are used to label approximately half of the triples ( 166 . 3 % ) in the original opiec dataset , and the proportion is even higher ( 51 . 46 % ) if we compare the opiec - clean dataset with its version ( 0 . 37 % ) . the proportion of triples with semantic annotations is higher ( 58 % ) for negative polarity and 51 . 46 % for possibility modality , and between 15 . 91 % and 22 . 11 % for space and time ( space and time are the most frequent labels with 18 % and 19 % , respectively ) .
for example , the term “ be in ” has a large number of occurrences ( 43 , 842 ) in the associatedmusicalartist data set , and the corresponding words associated with this term have a similar number of instances in the spouse data set ( 1 , 965 ) . this is due to the fact that many of the terms have strong senses , such as strong possessive and possessive concatenations . for instance , the word spouse has a strong sense of association with the term spouse . another example is the term band of , where the first sense is band and the second and third senses are band and band , respectively . the first sense of band is band ( “ be at ” ) and the third and fourth sense are band , where band members are identified as musical artist and band members . the confusion matrix for band of is shown in fig . we can see that some of the words have strong semantic associations with the concept of being in , e . g . , “ jointly ” , “ part - of ” and “ frequent ” . in some cases , the context of the phrase is ambiguous . for example the word band of has the sense “ music ” is not in the data set at all , but the second sense of the term is band .
from the table , we observe that pafibert - filtered by lus outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by a large margin on the framenet 1 . 5 test set and achieves the best overall performance across all the three types of ambiguous triples . on the other hand , our model ’ s performance on the ambiguous triples test set is competitive with the best previously published results .
in this section , we evaluate the performance of bertbase and bertlarge on the trecqa and wikiqa datasets . we can see that in terms of mrr , map and f1 score , bert achieves the best performance on all datasets . in addition , we also observe that the map score is improved by a large margin in the semevalcrca - 17 large dataset , which shows that the large dataset is more challenging than the smaller datasets for bert .
hyperparameter tuning we conduct hyperparameter tuning experiments on two datasets , i2b2 and semeval , to evaluate the performance of the proposed method . for each dataset , we tune hyperparameters using 10 - fold cross validation on the development set . we report the results on the test set of each dataset . we find that both the default and the manual search methods achieve comparable performance on the ddi dataset . however , when using the random search method , the performance is significantly lower than that of the other methods . the reason is that the dictionary - based method ( random search ) tends to assign high probabilities to false positives and false negatives , which will increase the difficulty of classifying the true positives . on the other hand , with the help of the multi - task learning method ( manual search ) , the accuracy of the classifier is significantly improved , which indicates that the task of detecting di - and i - b2 triples is more difficult than detecting true positives and vice versa .
due to space limitation , we only show results on the digit and punct and digit datasets in the table . we can observe that the performance of the classifiers on the original and detection datasets are much lower than those on the semeval and i2b2 datasets . the reason is that the classifier has a hard time to distinguish the true and false positives in the original dataset , and thus it assigns a high probability to false positives . on the other hand , the detection and classifier datasets have a much easier time in distinguishing true from false positives , because the detection accuracy is much higher than the classifier accuracy on these two datasets .
we can see that the proposed bert - tokens significantly outperforms both the baseline and the chunkwise pooling models . for example , the accuracy of the classifier is improved from 80 . 55 % to 71 . 97 % and from 60 . 85 % to 63 . 11 % for the ddi class and the i2b2 detect datasets , respectively . the results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed model .
automatic translation we use tokenized bleu as the metric to measure the performance of machine translation models . we report the results on iwslt 2017 de → en , kftt ja → en and wmt 2016 ro → en as well as wmt 2014 en → de . we observe that α - entmax consistently outperforms the other two max - pooling activation functions , yielding the best results in all cases . in addition , we also observe that the difference between 1 . 5 and 1 . 8 maximum attention is marginal .
for each dataset , we train a c - lstm model with the cc and arxiv embeddings and tune hyper - parameters on the development set . we observe that the model trained on the cc dataset achieves the best results for both subtasks . the micro - f1 score is also slightly higher than the macro f1 score , suggesting that there is some overlap between the datasets .
our full model significantly outperforms previous state - of - the - art methods on all the test sets , which demonstrates the effectiveness and generalizability of our proposed model . our model also achieves the best performance on the referit test set , which further verifies the effectiveness of our model on referit .
we can see that cross - modal self - attention performs the best across all the methods . we attribute this to the fact that multimodal features are highly dependent on the attention mechanism . without attention , the model is forced to rely on a fixed - dimensional representation of each modality , which may introduce noise into the representation of the whole feature space . in addition , the pixel attention and the word - pixel pair attention do not perform well . we conjecture that these two types of attention mechanisms cause over - fitting in the feature space , which is harmful to the model .
cmsa - w performs the best among the cmsa variants with a large margin over the state - of - the - art method rrn - cnn . the performance of cmsa is better than that of rmi - lstm , which is a convolutional neural network based cmsa . this is due to the fact that the convolution layer is able to capture the temporal relationship between words in a sentence and the global context of the whole sentence , allowing the model to better learn the temporal association between words and sentences .
the first metric is the first one , which is the one based on the ratio of the number of system events to the total number of events in the whole dialogue . we observe that the first metric achieves a high value of 0 . 08 disp . perf . and a low value of 1 . this indicates that the system is able to generate a concise and coherent summary . the second metric uses the second metric to measure the dispersion of the system events and the quality of the generated summary . as we can see that dispersion is higher than the first and second metrics , indicating that our system generates more coherent and consistent summaries .
we can see that our proposed method achieves the best accuracy on both datasets , 82 . 9 % and 91 . 1 % for the swda and mrda datasets , respectively . the results of the mrda dataset indicate that the majority of the da instances in this dataset can be solved by the proposed model , and the human agreement between annotators is 84 . 0 % and 90 . 9 % , respectively , which is a new state - of - the - art da classification accuracy .
from the table , we can see that one2one consistently outperforms all the other methods in terms of f1 - score . the average f1 @ 5 score of inspec , nus and semeval is 0 . 244 , 0 . 266 and 0 . 276 , respectively . the best f1 scores of krapivin and semaval are 3 . 4 and 3 . 7 respectively , which are higher than the best scores reported by other methods . in addition , it is worth mentioning that the inspec and nus datasets have a large number of sentences per document ( up to 7 . 8 ) ; thus , the results obtained by our method are better than the ones obtained by the baselines . the results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed model .
we can see that the bigrnn outperforms the basernn and transformer models in terms of most of the metrics under both settings . among the different types of relation types , the no - sort relation type performs the best , which is consistent with the findings in [ hovy - etal : 2015 : acl - ijcnlp ] . however , the performance of the alpha relation type and appear - pre are slightly worse than the random relation type . we conjecture that this is due to the fact that this relation type has the least number of training examples , and thus is less stable than the other relations .
although elmo - lstm - crf - hb does not achieve the best performance on all the tasks , it achieves the highest performance on diagnosis , prescription and penn adverse drug , chemical – disease and drug – risease , and has the second highest performance for drug – disease . this indicates that the neural network is better at detecting and analyzing the diagnosis and treatment codes than the lstm and random forest classifiers . hb - based methods also achieve better performance than random forest classifiers on most of the tasks .
diagnosis detection . in terms of diagnosis detection , the most frequent labels are positive , negative , and other which accounts for 95 . 8 % of all the labels . the second most frequent label is ruled - out which has 3 . 6 % of the total labels and the second most frequently labeled label is concern which has 5 . 6 % . the f1 score of this class is 84 . 7 % which is lower than that of positive and negative labels and explains the lower performance of this category . for drug – disease relations , we observe that the most frequently classified labels are discontininued , partially because discontininuations are often not mentioned explicitly in the text and the model does not have enough training data to learn to recognize them . on the other hand , in terms of support , we find that most of the prescription reasons are explained explicitly and the f1 scores for these reasons are higher than that for positive or negative labels , which explains the higher recall of these reasons . for both drug – drugs and chemical – data relations , there is a higher recall for discontinuities and partially explained reasons .
for the friends dataset , we randomly sample 4 , 000 conversations from the friends training set and 58 , 012 utterances from the testing set for training and testing . the test set contains 3296 utterances and 156 . 38 utterances per dialogue for friends . for the emotionpush dataset , the training and test sets contain 240 and 3536 utterances , respectively . the label distribution of friends is very similar to that of the original dataset , which shows that the language quality and content of the datasets are very similar . however , there is a significant difference in the out - of - domain and in - domain datasets , where the sadness and anger rates are much higher than in the training set , and the neutral and joy rates are higher than that of anger and sadness . we also observe that the sadness rate is much higher on the friends test set than on the training set , which indicates that the dataset contains a lot of negative experiences . on the other hand , the joy , sadness , anger , and fear rates on the test set are very low , which means that the models can easily learn to associate sadness and fear with each other .
in this section , we compare the performance of essentia and fsa models for paraphrase extraction on the snips and hotelqa datasets in terms of the number of extracted pairs , number of valid pairs and precision . for the first set of experiments , we focus on the fine - grained examples from the two datasets , which are the ones found in the training set of the original snips dataset . we evaluate the quality of the extracted pairs by calculating the cosine similarity between the gold standard answer and all the candidate answers in the test set . we achieve a high precision of 48 . 55 % and a low precision of 28 . 91 % when we extract the essentia dataset and the hotelqa dataset , respectively . in case of the second dataset , we obtain a higher precision of 83 . 33 % and 54 . 09 % , respectively . we obtain a high recall of 84 . 55 % , which is the same as the score obtained by the baseline system .
as can be seen , the br dataset is much easier to classifying than the us dataset , and the combined br + us dataset is able to achieve an accuracy of 85 % which is already close to the state - of - the - art .
s5ss0sss0px2 analysis of the extractions we perform an ablation study to understand the effect of the different types of extractions in the geth and ethanos corpora . we compare the number of different extractions per type in the two corpora , as well as the total number of extracted sentences in total across different types . we observe that the average number of sentences per type is close to 1 , 640 , and the average length of the extracted sentences is over 18 , 000 . the number of hashing operations per type ranges from 0 to over 32 , 000 , with most of the gains coming from single - token extractions ( e . g . , in the case of geth , headings are up to 26 . 69 % in average length , and up to 17 . 960 % for the cases of ethanos ) . the gains stem mostly from single token extractions , but can also be observed for longer sequences of length . for instance , we see a gain of up to 31 . 11 % in length for the headings ( cf . \ newcitelei - etal - 2019 - headings ) , but only up to 16 . 27 % in case of the hard problems ( difficulties ) . the trend is similar for other types as well .
in order to better understand the difficulty of the problem , we perform a more in - depth analysis of the generated data . we compare the performance of the model on different types of headings , bodies , transactions , block hash , and attributes . we observe that the performance is best on the headers and bodies types , and worst on the arterial arterial artery and bloombit index types . this is not surprising as these two types are often the most difficult to resolve in a real - world production system . in addition , we observe that in both cases the model is able to solve most of the intractable problems , with the exception of the hard problems ( e . g . , “ difficulties ” , “ receipts ” and “ bloombits ” ) . however , in the compact sync setting , these problems are much easier to solve as the model can exploit the large set of features in the memory network to solve the problem .
the results show that our model outperforms all the baselines in terms of bleu , he , chrf1 , and rd . particularly , the he score of our model is close to that of the state - of - the - art model transformer - bpe ( 43 . 38 vs 39 . 75 ) , which shows that the bpe units are very helpful for mt02 – 08 data . the results also show that the performance of the rnn - search model is slightly lower than that of search ( 0 . 4 ) , which we believe is caused by the fact that the training data of mt02 – 08 is much smaller than those of mt01 – 06 , and thus it is hard to tune hyper - parameters to achieve optimal results .
for the propaganda task , the best results are achieved by the bert model , which achieves a precision of 63 . 20 % and an f1 score of 57 . 74 % . for the flc task , relu achieves the best precision of 61 . 58 % and f1 - score of 20 . 14 % . multi - granularity models outperform the baseline models by a large margin , obtaining f1 scores of 21 . 80 % and 21 . 82 % for slc and flc , respectively .
cage - reasoning outperforms cos - e - open - ended by a large margin and achieves a new state - of - the - art performance of 72 . 6 % on dev - random - split .
s4ss3sss0px2 cqa v1 . 0 we observe that both cos - e and cage are essential to the performance of the existing state - of - the - art , with the addition of cage reasoning during training leading to an absolute improvement of 10 % over the previous state of the art . cage - reasoning alone achieves an absolute gain of 64 . 7 % in test accuracy .
we observe that cos - e - selected w / o ques is the worst performing variant , which demonstrates the importance of explicitly resolving the quingual relatedness between questions and answers during training . we also observe that the limited - open - ended variant is the most effective way to resolve open - ended questions , but is still outperformed by the fully - trained agent , with 89 . 8 % accuracy when used during both training and validation . this is to be expected as the agent has to learn to predict the answer span given the limited number of training examples per question .
explanation transfer next , we investigate the effect of explanation transfer for bert on the swag and story cloze tasks . we use the same experimental setup as explained in the main paper , i . e . , we use bert with explanation embeddings as input to the cqa layer , and the output of the explanation transfer model as output to the story cloze task . we observe that expl transfer provides consistent gains over bert ( + 0 . 8 % and + 0 . 7 % ) on both tasks , which validates our hypothesis that bert benefits from explanation transfer .
the fa split contains statements with citations from featured articles , while the lqn split includes statements which were flagged as not having a citation but needing one . redi et al . ’ s method for citation needed detection does not perform well on the fa split . however , it significantly outperforms the method proposed by \ newciteredi - etal - 2019 - emnlp ( p < 0 . 01 ) when it is trained using bert and fine - tuned using the pu and puc corpora . the ensembled results show that the proposed method outperforms both the bert - based and the pu - based methods by a large margin and achieves an ef1 score of 0 . 826 .
hand tool and musical instruments are the two most difficult domains to classify , and the inter - rater agreement ( κ ) values range from 0 . 64 to 0 . 73 . the maximum depth of the hierarchy is listed in the column of the top - synset of the domain , counted from ( and including ) the top synset of that domain . the table also shows the number of basic level concepts of each domain in the training and test sets . each concept is annotated by at least three annotators , and in some cases more than five or six annotators . each annotator annotates one or more of the synsets in the three domains separately , and agrees with or opposes the label assigned by the majority of the annotators on the classification decisions . for example , in the hand tool domain , annotators agree on hand tool , musical instruments , and acoustics , and vice versa .
in order to gain insight into the importance of each feature , we ranked the features ranked in order of importance . we can observe that gloss_length and word_length_min are two of the most important features for the tool domain , while polysemy_max and g . ngrams_2008_max are less important for the music domain . according to the table , the second most important feature is depth_in_hierarchy , which is a hierarchical feature that measures the extent to which a concept descends into the hierarchy of the wordnet before reaching the top of the tree . this feature can be seen as a variant of depth in the hierarchy that measures how deep the concept is in the tree ; for instance , if a word has a depth of three or more , it is considered to be at least three levels deeper than the first level . gloss_length measures the glosses ’ length relative to the ground truth glosses , which can be viewed as a proxy for judging the gloss ’ s depth . in addition , the next feature is nr_of_partofs , which ranks the number of partofs in the target domain . in the case of the fruit and music genres , there are a number of synonyms and hypernyms in the feature set , which we can observe as a way of measuring the degree of overlap between the target and the source domain words . in this sense , the ranking is similar to that of direct hypernym removal , where words which are not directly used in the original wordnet are removed , and words which appear in both the source and target domains are removed . the ranking of feature importance can also be seen in the table .
in order to test the importance of normalization for domain adaptation , we evaluate the accuracy and κ of the new domain adaptation experiments made in a new domain , with or without normalization . we see that , in general , using normalized features yields balanced accuracy across all domains . the exception is the “ none ” domain , where the performance of the models using none or structural normalization is higher . this indicates that the models benefit from having access to information about the target domain during training . the fact that these models are able to adapt to new domains confirms that they are not overfit to the new ones .
for pos tagging , we use the official training , development , and test sets provided by the multinli ( muse ) command center . in total , we obtain 18 , 735 event tokens and 4 , 068 event mentions per pos tag . the distribution of pos tags per token in all datasets of the eventi corpus is similar to that of the conll - 2005 ner corpus , i . e . , a large number of event mentions are nouns , verbs , adjectives , adverbs , and prepositions , with the exception of a single preposition token .
the distribution of the event mentions per class is shown in table 2 . the first class is occurrence , which is composed of 9 , 041 event mentions . the second class is aspectual , and the third class is i_state , which consists of 29 events . finally , the last class is reporting , which accounts for 843 events . in total , 3 , 798 event mentions are associated with three main events , i . e . , state , perception and reporting .
we compare the performance of the proposed model fastext - it with the original embedding methods developed by berardi et al . the original embeddings were developed by \ newciteberardi2015w2v and \ newciteneelakantan2015glove . the relaxed version of this model uses glove pennington2014glove as the penultimate layer of the network and uses a number of hand - crafted features including pos tags , collocations , and relational tags as the final layer . we also compare our model with the proposed ilc - itwack , which is a variant of the model developed by ilc researches and tested on the fbk dataset . for fair comparison , we use the same hyperparameters as in the original paper , i . e . , the number of lstm layers , number of nodes in the network , the distance between the embedding vector and the true label of the tweet , and the tweet ’ s character embedding . we observe that our model performs the best on both strict and relaxed evaluation . our model significantly outperforms all the other models and achieves the best relaxed accuracy .
from the table , we can see that our model outperforms all the baseline models on intra - and inter - distributional bleu scores , which indicates the effectiveness of our model in response selection and response selection . our model also achieves the best inter - and intra - distinct score on l , which means our model can generate more diverse responses by choosing the appropriate response for different queries .
the results show that dialogwae outperforms all other models in terms of diversity , coherence , and informativeness by a large margin ( p - value < 0 . 01 ) , which shows that the generated responses are more fluent and context - coherent than those from the baseline models . it is worth noting that the diversity of generated responses from vhcr and cvae - co is lower than that from dialoggmp , which we attribute to the limited number of human - generated response examples in the dailydialog dataset . the results also show that the proposed dialogdialogwae - gmp outperforms the other two variants significantly . we attribute this to the fact that the dialogues in dailydialog are more natural and conversational than those in the wikiqa dataset .
our proposed method outperforms all baselines in terms of all three aspects : empathy , relevance , and fluency . multiseq achieves the highest bleu score , but not significant . seq2seq and rl current are two neural sequence - to - sequence models with reinforcement learning , and rl look - ahead achieves the best score for the other two aspects . this indicates that our proposed method can respond more appropriately to the user ’ s emotional needs .
we report the best observed performance observed in 5 runs on the development set of both sparc and cosql , since their test sets are not public . we also conduct wilcoxon signed - rank tests between our method and the baselines , and the significant differences are shown with p - value < 0 . 005 . as we can see , our model significantly outperforms the three supervised baselines across all the metrics . the editsql + bert model achieves the best performance , since it is pre - trained on a large amount of sql training data . however , the performance of our model is still significantly better than the other two supervised models and close to that of the state - of - the - art .
detection . as we can see , our proposed spon outperforms the count based p ( x , y ) method and the svd - based ppmi method on bless and wbless , and the hyperboliccones method on leds and shwartz . it should be noted that , in terms of the average accuracy , our spon method outperforms all the other methods on all the three tasks . in addition , our method has the highest average precision on the bless direction and the second highest on the bibless direction , which shows that our method is better at focusing on the right direction .
we perform ablation tests reporting average precision ( ap ) on the unsupervised hypernym detection task using the different layers in our proposed spon model . the first row reports the performance of a relu layer followed by a residual connection , while the second row reports spon with a non - negative activation layer relu replaced by tanh that can take negative values . we observe that the combination of relu and residual connections leads to the best performance , indicating the importance of the two complementary layers in spon . we also observe that removing the residual connection results in a decrease in performance .
spon outperforms smoothed box in unsupervised hypernym detection task . with 13 , 089 test instances , the difference in average precision values obtained by spon is statistically significant compared with the baseline ( 0 . 761 ) with two - tailed p - value equals 0 . 00116 .
our two - stage + rl model outperforms the previous best model using only the first k words ( row “ full ” ) and the ml + rl + intra - attn model by a large margin ( 5 . 3 rouge - 1 and 2 points ) . our model with two - stage learning and rl achieves a further improvement of 1 . 2 and 0 . 7 rouges on the limited length version of the nyt50 test set respectively .
domain - specific hypernym discovery task . as we can see , crim is the best system on the general domain specific datasets , and spon is the worst one on the domain - specific datasets . crim outperforms spon by a large margin in terms of map , mrr and p @ 5 on all three datasets .
the embedding similarity score between the output and the target output is defined as the ratio of the number of items in the embedding space that are similar to the real target output list . higher similarity scores indicate that the output is more semantically closer to the target . for example , the similarity score of the output with the real input is 0 . 518 and 0 . 566 in length 1 − 3 , 4 - 6 and 7 - 10 , respectively . the similarity score for the output from the pre - trained greedy and rl models is much higher than that of the real inputs , indicating that the target responses are very similar to those of the input . on the other hand , the rl models achieve much higher similarity scores than the pre - trained greedy and rl greedy models . this indicates that the rl model is able to exploit the similarity information in the input to improve the target response generation .
in general , our sopa method outperforms all the baselines and achieves the best performance on all the four datasets . on the roc and sst datasets , sopa has an average sopams1 of 66 . 5 ms1 and 85 . 6 ms1 , outperforming the previous state - of - the - art cnn and bilstm by a large margin . on amazon , the sopa ms1 ∖ { s sl } baseline sopam serves as a strong baseline with an accuracy of 89 . 8 % , compared to 90 . 0 % and 90 . 5 % by the original sopa . the sopa results on the amazon dataset are competitive with sopa , and outperform the original cnn by a significant margin of 1 . 4 % . on the yelp sentiment analysis dataset , there is a huge performance gap between sopa and original cnn , showing the importance of explicitly modeling the sentiment information .
for each annotator , we measured the cohen ’ s kappa score ( κ ) and the observed agreement ( ao ) between the annotators . the higher the value of the kappa value , the more agreed the annotator was on the given definition of the “ gold standard ” . as expected , features are the most helpful features , with a value of 0 . 90 for the features , and 0 . 67 for answers . questions are the second best source of agreement , followed by answers , which are the next best source .
in detail , on wikipedia , we compare our model with majority voting , benchmark , inception fixed , doc2vec , bilstm , cs . cl , cs . ai , and cs . lg . the best result for cs . cl is on the arxiv dataset , and the second best result is achieved by our joint model with cs . ai . on the other hand , on the wikipedia dataset , our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by a large margin , achieving accuracies ranging from 92 . 6 % to 93 . 4 % . the accuracies range from 77 . 1 % to 81 . 1 % . on arxibooks , the accuracies vary from 73 . 9 % to 95 . 2 % . on the wiki dataset , the accuracy range from 93 . 3 % to 99 . 2 % , and the difference is statistically significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) . the accuracy of joint model is higher than that of other models on both datasets , which shows that our model is able to generalize better .
in order to evaluate the performance of the joint model , we perform an error analysis of the reported results . the misclassification of articles according to the four quality classes fa , ga , b , c , and start lead to an increase in the number of misclassified articles ( from 397 to 397 ) and worsen the performance for the start of the article class ( from 0 to 1 ) . in addition , we also find that for articles classified as start of an article , the model misclassifies the entire article ( from 1 to 6 ) as a span ( i . e . , it should have been taken into account ) . in the future , we can improve the recall of the start class to better predict the actual quality classes .
we use ag news and sogou news data sets to train and test our models for both english and chinese news categorization tasks . the ag news data set is used for fine - tuning the classification model for ag news , while the soguo news data is used to fine - tune the model for chinese news . for each task , we randomly sample 5k and 10k samples from the training data set and divide them into training , development , and test sets , respectively . we set the number of classifiers for each task as 4 and evaluate them on the held - out test set . we conduct experiments on two large - scale text classification data sets , which are also used to evaluate the performance of our proposed models .
sab - sememnn - ct outperforms its ct counterpart by a large margin on ag and sogou ( 10k ) data sets , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed model on the task of extractive sentence extraction . on ag data set , our model outperforms all the baselines and achieves comparable performance with the state - of - the - art results of the tfidf - based models , which shows the effectiveness and generalizability of the proposed model .
we can see that the best results are obtained by using all prefixes , infixes , and pre - trained word embeddings . the least performing type 1 model is the medium ( type 1 ) model , which achieves 90 . 49 bleu score . among the different types of models , the minimal ( type 3 ) model achieves the best score .
prefix - transformer outperforms all the other models by a large margin and achieves the best performance across all the datasets . we also observe that the performance of the postfix - transformers is slightly worse than that of the prefix transformers . we believe that this is due to the fact that some of the pre - trained word embeddings are not fine - tuned on the training set and thus suffer from overfitting when used in downstream tasks .
table 1 : joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of woz 2 . 0 . from the table , we can see that our proposed joint goal accuracy ( slot - independent sumbt ) outperforms all the baseline models and achieves the new state - of - the - art performance , exceeding the accuracy of 0 . 910 with a significant margin ( p < 0 . 001 ) .
joint goal accuracy is the evaluation metric to measure the joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of multiwoz . the benchmark baseline is the same as in previous works . we can see that sumbt achieves the new state - of - the - art goal accuracy of 0 . 4240 , which is a significant improvement over the previous best reported goal accuracy ( 0 . 2583 ) of glad zhong et al .
fine - tuning bert and hubert ( transformer ) on different target corpora : we first fine - tune bert on the target qqp and snli training corpora , and then transfer the learned representations to other nli tasks . for each task , we evaluate the model ’ s performance on the test set of the target corpus that the model was trained on , and report the performance of the model on the dev set of that task . we also report the percentage of positive transfer cases where the model outperforms the baseline by a large margin ( + 2 . 53 % and + 0 . 24 % in accuracy for the transformer model and the xlnet model , respectively ) .
fine - tuning bert and hubert ( transformer ) on the target nli task leads to a gain of 2 . 23 % and 2 . 14 % in accuracy on the snli and sst test sets , respectively . for the rte test set , the gain is only 1 . 14 % , but the filler strategy leads to an improvement of 8 . 67 % ( qnli ) . we also find that the mnli and snli test sets benefit more from the fine - tuned bert ( 2 . 43 % and 0 . 43 % , respectively ) .
the filler and bert variants outperform the original bert by a large margin when the source and target datasets are both held out for fine - tuning . however , the filler variant performs worse when the target dataset is snli , sst , rte , and qqp datasets are held out . we attribute this to the fact that these tasks are different from ner and entailment classification tasks and thus require different knowledge base understanding abilities . the role of filler is to fill in blanks in the source corpus of the target task , while the role of bert is to fine - tune the model on the target corpus .
in the first set of experiments , we investigate the effect of individual unigram and bigram features on the overall performance of the model . we observe that the best performance is achieved using unigrams and bigrams ( using all features ) , which is consistent with the findings of \ newcitedblp : journals / corr / abs - 1911 - 10683 . in the primary ccs dataset , the best results are obtained using bag - of - words , which is unsurprising as this dataset was annotated by the same authors who also wrote the notes . however , there is no significant difference between using oracle and non - oracle bigrams in terms of the other two metrics . using all features together , the model achieves a top - 1 and top - 5 auroc of 0 . 479 and 0 . 845 on the primary and mortality datasets , respectively , which are similar to the results achieved by computing the weighted average of all individual features .
for bert12 - t , we use 1 × the number of parameters and inference speed as the main advantage of the proposed pkd method . the results show that with the increase in inference speed , the performance can be further improved by a large margin , e . g . , from 1 . 9x to 3 . 7x speedup on sst - 2 and from 2 . 2x to 4 . 1x on mrpc , and the average accuracy can be improved to 80 . 6 % on qnli and from 80 . 4 % to 89 . 0 % on rte , with an average speedup of 2 . 4x . for bber12 - 12 , we also use the transformer network with 109m parameters , which is 1x larger than the original bert model . we can see that even with 1x more parameters , the proposed method can still outperform the original model with a large speedup and achieve comparable performance with the original 12m parameters .
adabert is a bert - based pre - trained language model . we use the following structure tasks : sst - 2 , mrpc , qqp , mnli , qnli , rte , and rte . for each structure task , we fine - tune the model on the training data of each task and report the results on the test data . we also report the accuracy of random initialization , which randomly partitions the dataset into ten groups and treats each group as a different instance . for structure tasks that have no training examples , we train a separate model for each group . for example , in the case of mrpc and the rte task , the random split results in an accuracy of 80 . 4 % and 80 . 2 % , respectively . for the other group of structure tasks , the accuracy results are close to that of 100 % .
effect of efficiency loss term : we investigate the effect of the efficiency loss term β in our proposed model by varying its value from 0 to 8 . we can see that the performance of the model achieves its best when β is set to 4 , which consumes less than 1 % of the total training data . however , the size of the training data is reduced by a factor of 4 when β = 0 . we find that the model size reduces from 9 . 1m to 6 . 4m ( mrpc , qnli , rte ) and from 7 . 8m to 5 . 3m ( sst - 2 and rte ) , which consumes only 0 . 1 % and 0 . 2 % of training data , respectively . the results indicate that β is an important hyper - parameter to trade - off between the performance and the computational cost .
sst - 2 , mrpc , qnli and rte . we observe that knowledge loss terms significantly improve the performance of base - kd , with + probe , + da and + lce ( all ) being the most effective ones . the reason is that these two terms help the model to better exploit the correlations between the context and the target knowledge . meanwhile , the effect of da and lce is less significant than that of lce . we conjecture that this is because that the da term only focuses on the correlation between the target and the context but not the other terms .
sota1 , sota2 and sota3 refer to the previous best , second best and third best state of the art models respectively . we can see that m - bert significantly outperforms the current sota across all evaluation metrics with an average improvement of 5 . 98 % , 8 . 34 % and 3 . 19 % in terms of bertscore , mae , correlation and f1 score respectively .
the inference time is measured on a cluster server with intel i7 - 7700k cpu , using 8 intel xeon e5 - 2690 v2 . 2 processors . both the attention mechanism and the gaussian mask layer can be seen to be very efficient for short sentences ( 4 - 7 words or less ) . however , for long sentences , the two attention mechanisms lead to a significant increase in inference time . for instance , for sentences with 12 - 15 words , the rl layer is able to achieve an inference time of 2 . 86 ms per epoch , while the attention layer is only able to get 2 . 12ms per epoch . for longer sentences , both of the attention mechanisms are more than 2 . 5x faster .
table 3 shows the number of images after which the me score threshold of 0 . 1 falls below the threshold for both the omniglot and imaginet models . the results show that the classification performance of the two models is very close . the imagenet classifier outperforms its counterpart for most of the images .
as we can see , min - grad with soft - att outperforms random and transformer in both en - de and en - fr tasks , with an average improvement of 2 . 3 % and 2 . 8 % in terms of the accuracies of min - gradient and 3 . 5 % and 1 . 2 % for the random and transformer models , respectively . for the transformer model , although the accuracy is still lower than that of random , we can observe an improvement of 4 . 5 % . for the blstm model , the accuracy improves by 4 . 4 % and 5 . 1 % for min - graduation and soft - attention respectively .
we can see that min - grad + soft - att significantly outperforms random and min - filter + hotflip with a large margin on all the three transformer configurations . for instance , in the en - de and en - fr tasks , the accuracy increases from 51 . 04 % to 53 . 23 % and from 47 . 53 % to 52 . 00 % , respectively , when using random masking .
we can see that min - grad + soft - att obtains significant improvements over random and min - gradient + hotflip when using the same batch size for all the blstm layers . however , when using batches of size 100 , min - graduation fails to outperform random and soft - att on the majority of the tasks .
we observe that the degradation worsens as the proportion of bitext data is noised increases from 0 % to 20 % to 80 % , and then continues to increase as the amount of noised data is added to the training data increases . we see that the largest degradation occurs at about 80 % of the bitext size , suggesting that the model is already robust to a small amount of noise in the target domain . however , we do not observe a large degradation in performance between 80 % and 100 % , suggesting that there may be additional robustness in the model beyond a certain threshold .
sennrich et al . ( bt ) is a re - implementation of the bt approach of \ newcitegeinrich - etal - 2017 - sennrich - corr : 2017 : wmt16 enro that leverages back - translated data to augment the bitext - based encoder - decoder model . the results are reported in tab . our it - 3 it - 2 bt outperforms the previous state - of - the - art bt model by 3 . 3 sacrebleu points .
tab . the bitext baseline is the base transformer model , and the noisedbt baseline is a combination of the bt and the bitext model . we can see that both noise and taggedbt significantly improve over the baseline bitext across all the intervals . the gains are more pronounced on the wmt15 enfr dataset , with taggingbt giving 1 . 8 bleu score absolute improvement over the base model and 1 . 7 bleu score absolute improvements over the noised bt baseline .
for asr , we treated the data as if it were bt ( noised and / or tagged , resp . ) , whereas for p3bt and taggedbt , the natural text was treated as bt . taggednoisedbt has the lowest attention sink ratio on the first token and the last token ( at decoder layer 5 ) for the bitext baseline . this indicates that the model tends to focus more on the more salient token at the end of the sequence , that is , the token that gives the highest attention weight to the final token . this is in line with the results of \ newcitesennrich - haddow - birch : 2015 : naacl : 2014 : p16 - 1 who observed that a large number of attention scores for the decoder layers correlated negatively with the performance of the model , and that this is due to overfitting .
comparing the standard decoding and the as bt settings , we see that using the automatically tagged bt data as the decoder gives the best overall performance . however , the performance of the standard decoder is significantly worse than using the noisy bt data . the reason for this may be that the standard model is trained on the entire training data , while the noisy data is randomly sampled from different parts of the training data . in contrast , our proposed method ( as bt ) is trained only on the target domain data and does not suffer from overfitting to the source domain .
source - target overlap : we measure the percentage of target words in the target side of the bitext and bt data that do not appear in the original bitext training data . for example , the 11 . 4 % overlap for the back - translated bt data with the standard decode shows that the source - target overlaps are 8 . 9 % and 10 . 7 % for the tagged decode and standard decode , respectively . the overlap is lower for the taggedbt data , which we tagged as if it were bitext .
in order to perform document classification , we use the reuters - 8 dataset , which is rich in detail description of financial news documents . the dataset was originally created by the investment bank of china ( icc ) , and it contains 2292 news documents , which were extracted from the company ’ s website . the documents were categorized into 8 classes : acq , crude , earn , interest , profits , money - fx , and ship . the classes were chosen based on frequency of occurrence in the training data .
the results show that the proposed tf - msm method outperforms all the other methods in terms of both accuracy and standard deviation . for sa and mnb , the best results are obtained using word2vec embeddings . for lsa , svm and cnn outperform tf - idfbow and binbow features . the standard deviation of lsa is much higher than that of svms and cnns . this is because the standard deviation for svms is very high ( close to 1 . 0 ) due to the large number of classes in the dataset . for cnns , the values of standard deviation are much smaller ( smaller than 0 . 2 ) , which means that the classifier can easily find the classes with high standard deviations .
on the conll - 2014 and wsc - 2 test sets , our proposed model significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by a large margin and achieves the best f0 . 5 score of 54 . 79 % and 53 . 14 % on the two test sets with respect to the previous best performance . on the other hand , the performance of our model on the wsc2 test set is slightly lower than that of the best result reported by ge et al .
antichat is the largest source of hate speech in terms of total number of messages , with a total of 9 , 992 messages and 5 , 898 unique messages . we classify the majority of the messages into three categories : buy , sell , and other , where we classify anything that didn ’ t fall into the other categories as ‘ other ’ . for example , in the second category ‘ sell ’ is a case of someone making a sale offer to the original poster of a thread , or ‘ want to buy or bought a product ’ , where the original post is asking for the user to display the buyer or seller side of the advertisement .
in this section , we evaluate the performance of the different models in terms of precision , recall and f1 - score on the antichat and hackforums datasets . we can see that the logistic regression model outperforms the fasttext model and the bilstm model by a large margin . the best recall is obtained by using fasttext as the feature extractor . however , the logistic regression model performs very poorly on the product and reply datasets . the reason is that these two datasets contain a large number of hate speech and offensive comments . therefore , it is difficult to train a good hate speech detection model with a small number of examples .
we can see that the mean pooling method performs the best for most of the tasks . the maximum and minimum pooling methods perform the worst for the semantic similarity and the entailment tasks . for the text classification and the syntactic information tasks , average score is the best method . the results show that the average score of the classifier is much lower than the other methods .
we can see that the in - domain fine - tuned bert model outperforms previous state - of - the - art models by a large margin , e . g . , outperforming the bm25 baseline by 7 . 3 % in terms of p @ 10 on the wikipassageqa dataset and 5 . 7 % on insuranceqa . the results demonstrate that the domain - specific bert embeddings are better than the general bert pre - trained models on these two datasets , which validates the effectiveness of domain - adaptive pre - training .
our model beheshti - ner significantly outperforms other models and achieves state - of - the - art results in both arman and peyma word embeddings . in addition , our model also outperforms shahshahani et al . ’ s model in the peyma phrase embedding . these results demonstrate the effectiveness of our model and highlight the importance of incorporating the structural information into neural networks .
morphobert was the best performing model in the in - domain setting ( row 1 ) , and beheshti - ner - 1 the best out - of - domain model ( row 2 ) . the remaining four teams participated in the ood ner and nlpgroup tasks . we can see that the overall f1 score for the in - domain setting is much lower than the out - domain one , which shows that our model is better at dealing with out of domain data than the other models . in addition , our model outperforms most of the other teams in terms of the p , r , and f1 scores in both in and out domain settings .
for example , the medical device term “ floating ” has a higher score than “ regime change ” and “ imbalance ” for both the medical device and the sports rehab machine terms . the latter term is used in two different contexts , in order to avoid confusion with “ hearing ” or “ simulating ” the robot terms . in the first case , “ hallucination ” is misclassified as stroke whereas “ stent ” misclassified in the second case . in both cases , the error is due to “ false positive ” when the robot is given incorrect medical device or sports rehab term . for instance , in the case of “ rogue ” , the robot was given the incorrect term ‘ remove ’ since “ remove ” was misclassified by the medical robot .
we observe that mmnasnet outperforms all the other models on all the three target domains and the average performance across all the domains is over 10 % higher than that of the best performing model on the wtp and wd test sets .
table 1 summarizes the results of the experiments conducted to compare our approach with the baseline methods . table 1 compares the accuracy of the two approaches on different target languages . we observe that our approach outperforms all the compared approaches on all the target languages , especially on resource - rich and resource - poor languages such as opensubtitles ( oc , pe , and wtp ) .
table 3 presents the results for the mt , oc , pe , vg , and wd systems . the table shows that the overall accuracy of the mt system is 62 . 8 % , 41 . 4 % , 28 . 8 % and 28 . 0 % , respectively . table 3 shows the performance of the other systems when trained and tested on the same cnn : rand as the training set .
we can see that the golve - based model achieves the best performance for intent detection and slot filling . for intent detection , the accuracy is 92 . 22 % and 98 . 45 % , which are significantly better than the random baseline and majority baseline , respectively . for slot filling , our model outperforms the majority baseline and the svm by a large margin , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our method .
fluency and informativeness of the answers provided by was found to be among the most important factors for the users to agree or disagree with the given answers . the percentage of strongly agree with the provided answers was in the range of 0 . 3 % to 1 . 0 % , indicating that the answers were of reasonable quality . among the users who were able to “ understand ” my questions , the percentage was able to provide answers to my questions in a reasonable time , which indicates that the answerers were familiar with the questions and could provide satisfactory answers . fluency was considered to be one of the factors for satisfaction in giving answers . a large percentage of the users indicated that they were satisfied with the answers given by the given answerers . for example , a large number of users ( 55 % ) selected the option of “ the time that was the fastest to respond ” as their main reason for answering the given questions . in addition , a small number ( 4 % ) selected a method that reduces the need to google a specific information about the given information , indicating that this method was a helpful means of obtaining a quick and accurate answer . finally , the preference of choosing the method that was suitable for reading the provided answer was also indicated in the results . in summary , the three factors that were considered helpful in providing answers to our questions were the ability to " understand " the questions , being able to " agravely understand " the corresponding questions , and having a concise method to provide a correct answer .
table 3 summarizes the performance of our semi - supervised and unsupervised ir baselines and the key observations from the ablation studies . acl - qa and eraser perform significantly better than both bm25 and tf * idf , which confirms the effectiveness of the document - level and document - query - document - term - document ( document - agnostic ) retrieval approaches . we observe that acl - ija outperforms both tf - idf and the original bm25 across all the four domains . with the help of pretrained word embeddings , our full model ( lexrank + bert ) significantly outperforms all the baselines across all four domains and outperforms the prior state - of - the - art method ( bert + att ) by a large margin ( > 6 % ) .
thematic rankers outperform the syntactic rankers by a wide margin in both languages , with the latter outperforming the random ranker and the upper bound . in general , the performance of the thematic ranker is slightly better than the random one , and the difference between the two is statistically significant ( p - value < 0 . 01 ) .
in order to determine the hierarchies of the newly created hierarchies , we perform a simple svm classifier on the gold edu segmentation treebank and extract the top - k hierarchies by applying the softmax function . the resulting hierarchies are created by summing up the k - many - many features of the original word embeddings . for example , the edu classifier for patient is composed of “ cause ” , “ experiencer ” and “ pivot ” . we can see that the overall distribution of the obtained hierarchies is similar to that in the original svm treebank . for instance , the distribution of patient and pivot is very similar in the en hierarchy , while in the de hierarchy , they are very different in the xl and xl - en hierarchical structure . this is due to the fact that the initial edu treebank is relatively small and it is difficult to extract the relevant features for different languages . therefore , we use the fuzzymax function to extract relevant features from the hyper - parameters of the initial word embedding tree . in the end , we obtain the following hierarchical structures : ( 1 ) patient : the set of words that are shared between the original and the newly induced hierarchies ; ( 2 ) event : the sets of words associated with events ; ( 3 ) message : the words related to the topic of the event ; ( 4 ) pivot : the word used in the initial theme ; ( 5 ) location : the location of the first event ; and ( 6 ) duration : the distance between the new event and the existing event using the newly introduced hierarchies . the hierarchical structures are created using the svm and softmax functions . we perform svm classification for both languages using svm .
for the cross - lingual evaluation , we use the ub and de - train corpora as the training and test sets and the global ranker as the validation set . the ranker is trained on the training corpora and evaluated on the held - out test corpora . as expected , the performance of the global ranking is lower than that of the individual ranks . however , the difference in performance between the two evaluation sets is small .
for the egfr and kras metrics , we report the map and ndcg as well as the tf - idf and bm25 scores . the best overall performance is achieved by the “ auto - rank ” method , which outperforms all other methods in terms of all metrics on both datasets . this is due to the fact that there is a large number of top - ranked results when using the ranked results generated by this method to select the top response candidates . in addition , the overall performance of this method is boosted by the addition of the feature - based ranking and the machine - learning - based backpropagation ( emb ) , which leads to the best overall results .
table 1 shows the individual macro - f1 scores following schulz et al . for each of the four tasks , we report the human upper bound ( inter - annotator agreement ) indicating room for room for further improvement . the bilstm obtains the highest score for each task and is equal to flair when only using fasttext embeddings .
as can be seen from the table , using bert as the feature extractor results in the best precision , recall , and f1 scores for both development and test sets . however , the f1 score of bert for the development set is 0 . 79 , compared to 0 . 57 for the test set . this is due to the fact that the development data is significantly larger than that of the training data , which allows the model to learn more robust feature representations . as far as we know , this is the first time that this feature combination has been used in a ner setup .
for example , “ exaggeration , minimisation ” and “ causal oversimplification ” have very low f - measure on the development and test sets , which may be due to the fact that they are related to the concept of overimplification . however , they do not appear in the development or test sets . the f - measures for “ projected techniques ” are higher than those of “ propaganda ” , which suggests that the exploitation of propaganda techniques is more prevalent in the propaganda materials .
precision , recall and reciprocal rank : the evaluation metric for the pik3ca testing set is ndcg @ 100 , which measures the percentage of items for which the top 10 results are ranked in the top - 100 results . for the kras validation set , the evaluation metric is map , which ranks the items according to their map score . the results show that our model outperforms the state - of - the - art in terms of precision , recall , and roc auc .
for comparison , we also include results of previous evaluation applications on the test set of linspector web with the same number of languages , number of layers , and number of epochs . we compare our model with the following previous models : [ leftmargin = * ] faruqui and dyer [ referred to as 10 - wst , 10 - dt , 7 - pt ] , köhn et al . [ refuted id = ' bib - bib10 ' > 2015 ] for wst tasks , we use a static word embedding with pre - trained word embeddings , and for pt tasks we use pretrained word embedddings with additional parameters . our model outperforms these previous models by a large margin in terms of the number of trained layers and epochs , but underperforms on the downstream tasks . we attribute this to the nature of the tasks , where we focus on measuring the quality of the downstream results , which are more closely related to downstream tasks than word similarity tasks . for example , in the pt task , we compare the accuracy of measuring the word similarity between two sentences in a list of sentences , where the second sentence has to be a correct translation if the first sentence has the same word as the sentence in front of it . in contrast , our model is better at finding the sentence with the correct translation in the downstream tasks .
the first term for query { pik3ca } is the color . neop . the second term is used to denote the number of patients for which the ground truth number of positive and negative reviews is greater than or equal to 0 . 9 . the third term is called the specificity . for example , the term h1047r is used for the drug linsitinib and the term v600e for lapatinib . the terms t790m and e545k are used for various neologisms and duretics and the terms t545k and e542k for stomach neoprene and dactolisib are used in the neologism detection task .
on the original data , we see that the mlp and bilstm outperform the svm . on the new data , which contains the same number of instances as in the original evaluation , the mlm shows a slightly better performance , but still lags behind the lstm by a significant margin ( p ≤ 0 . 01 ) . the svm outperforms the original svm in terms of the rmse metric , but underperforms on the qw metric when evaluated with rmse . in this case , the performance of the difficulty approaches is very close to that obtained on the original dataset , showing that the difficulty model is able to exploit the data in the same way as it did on the dataset in the previous evaluation . in addition , in this new evaluation , there is also a significant performance gap between the original and rmse metrics , which suggests that the new dataset is harder than the original .
we first compare the rmse for both strategies on each corpora with randomly sampled target difficulties τ . we observe that the sel strategy performs slightly better than the size strategy on the brown and reuters corpora , but worse on the gutenberg and gutenberg corpora . we hypothesize that this is because gutenberg and brown problems are more similar to each other than to sel and thus the target difficulties we are dealing with are more general and easier to tune .
table 3 shows the mean error rates e ( t ) per text and strategy for the easy and hard sel settings . as shown in the table , the error rates deviate significantly from def in both cases . the deviate is particularly pronounced in the hard setting , where the margin between the deviate from def is . 66 % for t = 2 and . 52 % for t = 3 . despite the small difference in error rates between the two settings ( only . 20 % vs . 30 % for the default def strategy ) , we see that the error reduction made by the small sel is more significant in the easy setting ( also shown with a high value of . 44 ) .
for framenet and data - lexicon baseline , we use the data - lexicon baseline to compare the performance of our proposed lexicon - based and data - text - based methods with respect to the framenet baseline . the results show that with the lexicon , our framenet model achieves the best performance in terms of both accuracy and f1 - m when compared with the baseline . in addition , our method outperforms the data baseline when using framenet as the training data , which indicates that lexicon information is beneficial for framenet .
from the table , we can see that our model outperforms previous state - of - the - art methods by a large margin , e . g . , outperforming scst by 1 . 8 in terms of bleu - 1 , 1 . 7 in terms on meteor , 2 . 3 on rouge and 1 . 6 on cider . our model also achieves the highest scores on all metrics except for cidr . we attribute this to the fact that the ground - truth captions for each video in the test set are automatically generated by the automatic metrics . in addition , our model also outperforms the neural network - based method lbt , which demonstrates the effectiveness of collective attentions for video captioning .
table 1 shows the fraction of incorrect summaries produced by recent summarization systems on the cnn - dm test set , evaluated on a subset of 100 summaries . as shown in the table , the fas system has the highest fraction of correct summaries ( 26 % ) , followed by pgc see17 and bus gehrmann18 with 25 % and 18 . 76 % , and the pgc and fas systems have the lowest fraction ( 8 % ) and average length ( 59 . 7 ) .
table 3 summarizes the results of the nli experiments . in general , we see that the neural models outperform the non - neural baselines by a large margin on both validation and test sets . da and sse perform better than random and esim on the snli dataset , but underperform on the infersent dataset . sse outperforms both da and random on both the nli and snli datasets . the results indicate that sse is able to learn better sentence - level sentence embeddings than the other two neural models . on the other hand , esim and bert exhibit the opposite trend , with bert outperforming the other models on both datasets , although the gain is larger on the nlli dataset .
the rules of french contraction are very similar to those of german and italian contraction rules : à le → aux , à les quelle → auxquelles , de les quelles → desquels , à lequel → auquel , and en les qua → duquel . in addition , there are many more interesting cases where one of the conditions is averse to the other . for example , in italian , the contraction rules for de le → du and de les → des are “ de le que viene aux qua ” . in french , many of these rules are similar to the ones in german contraction rules , e . g . “ vois ci → voici ” and “ vois là → voilà ” , where the former is a contraction of the former and the latter is a variation of the latter . in some cases , the former may be a modification of “ la carrière aux quatrains d ’ hondt ” ( cf . the contraction rules can also be generalized to other languages . in order to have a complete picture of the rules in french contraction , we have prepared a french version of the constituent corpus bordes et al . due to lack of space , we do not show all the french contraction rules in the table , but we have selected the rules which follow the ones found in the french wikipedia .
in each of the three setups , our models outperform the baselines in all of the four tasks , with the exception of the bibless task in the full scenario , where our models perform slightly better than the neural models . in particular , we see that the performance of the sg models outperforms those in the lear [ vulic : 2018naaclps ] and postle adv [ postle adv ] in both full and disjoint scenarios .
distributional methods for inducing bilingual vector spaces artetxe : 2018acl , co and conneau : 2018iclr , and sm show promising results in cross - lingual transfer , with the exception of the random selection method for spanish and french . distributional methods , on the other hand , show poor results for the other two target languages . the distributional method , as expected , is not effective in this case as the number of target languages is small and the distributional embedding space is not sufficiently large .
the performance of the rule - based and deep - coref - ranking models on the conll - 2012 test sets are shown in rows 1 and 2 , respectively . we observe that peng et al . ’ s model achieves the best performance on max and mina , but their performance on lea is much worse than that on max . the reason may be that their model suffers from the vanishing gradient problem , which makes their scores highly correlated with human scores . on the other hand , we observe that the performance of deep models is much higher than that of the baselines , which shows the effectiveness of our model .
in order to evaluate the quality of the regression model ’ s performance on the test set , three experiments were conducted : ( i ) experiment 1 , ( ii ) random regression , ( iii ) logistic regression , and ( iv ) unigram and log - likelihood regression . the results of these experiments are reported in tab . from the table , we can see that in all the three experiments , the proposed regression model achieved a lower mean squared error ( mse ) than the two baselines , and a lower root mean square error ( r2 ) than random regression . in addition , the results of random regression indicates that the misclassification of positive and negative instances is due to a very small number of instances ( 0 . 03 ) in the training set . on the other hand , in experiment 1 and 2 , the mse and r2 values of the proposed model were higher than those of the random regression model .
from the table , we can see that the pos - han outperforms the other two baselines by a large margin on both ccat10 and blogs10 . the pos - cnn and pos - st - cnn perform much worse than the st - cnn , which indicates that the simple pos tagger is not enough to capture the semantic information of words . in addition , the performance of pos - pos - cnn is also much lower than that of pos . the reason is that the sentence - level pos tags are usually not fine - grained enough to represent the meaning of a sentence , and the pos tags can be easily overwhelmed by the word - level information . on the other hand , the pos embeddings can capture the rich semantics of words , and thus can help to improve the performances of pos tagging .
in ccat10 and blogs10 , the accuracy of syntactic - han is 63 . 14 % and 41 . 30 % , respectively , and 57 . 76 % and 59 . 77 % for lexical - and style - enhanced versions of han respectively . in blogs50 , the accuracies of syntactic and lexical han are 86 . 04 % and 79 . 50 % respectively , which is much higher than that of the combined version ( 60 . 77 % ) . it indicates that the combined han is much better than the individual ones .
it can be observed that the combined approach performs better than the separate fusion approach for both ccat10 and blog50 datasets . the reason is that the ccat50 dataset is relatively simpler than blog10 and the number of sentences per document is much less than that of blog5 . therefore , it is easier for the model to find the commonalities among different sentences .
ccat10 and blogs10 . in ccat50 , han outperforms all the baselines by a large margin and achieves the best accuracy of 90 . 58 % , 82 . 35 % and 72 . 83 % in terms of test accuracy , respectively . for blogs10 , the performance of style - han is comparable to that of syntax - cnn and n - gram cnn , which are the most accurate neural network models for this task , and outperforms the more sophisticated continuous n - gram and syntax - based cnn models . the hyperparameters of the models are tuned on the validation set .
we can see that the conditional lstm performs the best in terms of s and ns , while the random classifier performs the worst . this is due to the nature of the data that we used in our experiments . in our experiments , we observed that the majority of the instances in the training set were labeled as offensive , which is also the reason why the performance of the conditional classifier was the worst in the original svm .
we can observe that the conditional lstm performs the best in terms of s and ns , while the random classifier performs the worst for the other two classes . moreover , we can also see that the performance of the rbl classifier is close to that of the conditional classifier . this is due to the fact that this classifier has been trained on a large amount of unsupervised data , which may have contributed to its good performance .
the majority baseline is a random classifier with an f - score of 49 . 8 % . all the proposed approaches outperform the majority baseline by a large margin . the addition of visual features ( t , a , v ) and textual features ( a , t + a ) to the svm classifier improves the classification performance by 1 . 4 % and 1 . 6 % in terms of f - score , respectively . the best performance is achieved by the proposed multi - modal representation ( multi − multi − immodal ) , where the accuracy of multimodal representation is increased by 3 . 9 % and 4 . 2 % compared to the unimodal one ( multimodal + visual ) .
the majority baseline is a logistic regression classifier with the tf - idf kernel . we use the same hyperparameter settings as in the majority baseline . all the neural models outperform the random baseline . the best f - score is achieved using the unigram features ( 61 . 9 % and 63 . 1 % ) . the addition of the augmented visual features ( a ) improves the performance of the svm classifier by 1 . 3 % in terms of f - score and the error rate is reduced from 0 . 4 % to 0 . 3 % . the best accuracy is achieved when the multi - modal representation is concatenated with the unimodal representation ( t + a + v ) . the improvement is 1 . 4 % . the improvement can be explained by the fact that multimodal representations are more robust to the modality of the text . for example , in the case of a video , the visual features a and v encode the same information about the image , but the representation of the image is different from the one encoded by t .
in the dependency and speaker independent setups , the best results are achieved when both speaker independent features and context features are used . however , the results for the best ( t + v ) and best ( a ) setups are slightly worse than the results in the speaker dependency setup . this may be due to the fact that these two models were trained with the same training data , and therefore do not share the same hyper - parameters . in the speaker independent setup , since each speaker contributes independently to the model , the effect of context features is not as clear as the one from the speaker dependent feature set . the dependency feature set achieves better results than the best feature set in both speaker dependent and independent setups .
