our system outperforms the previous state - of - the - art system peng et al . our system obtains the best performance on the id and ood tagging task , and is competitive on the psd and eds tagging tasks . the improvement on the dm and pas tagging tasks is relatively smaller than on the eds and amr tasks , possibly due to the smaller size of the training set for the dm task .
the mnli ( m ) and snli ( s ) datasets are taken from the penn treebank ( ptb ) and the multinli ( mnli ) datasets , respectively . for the mednli dataset , we use the original bert model and the biobert model that was pre - trained on the mednli training set . the snli dataset is taken from wmt ’ 14 nlpcc ’ s shared task , which is a subset of the snli corpus . we follow the same procedure as in the mnli datasets , except that we do not fine - tune the word embeddings of the bert models , as we found that fine - tuning bert on the original mnli dataset did not improve the performance of the model . we also follow wmt ’ 14 snli and mnli with the same hyperparameter settings as in their original papers . for all of the tasks , we follow the settings in the original papers and follow the procedure of lin et al .
we see that the distillation model slightly outperforms the no - project model on the but and negation tasks , and that the elmo model with the project objective performs slightly better than without distillation on the a - but - b sentences . however , the difference is not statistically significant . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the sst2 dataset is constructed in such a way that distillation is less useful for negation .
for the sst2 dataset , elmo outperforms the baseline model on the majority of the sentences ( 87 . 56 % vs . 81 . 32 % ) and on the sentences which got the opposite labels ( 84 . 54 % vs 87 . 55 % ) . the elmo model outperforms both the baseline and the no - distill , no - project model on non - neutral sentences , with 93 . 14 % versus 91 . 31 % accuracy for elmo .
in order to evaluate the performance of the proposed embeddings , we compare them with the baseline glove model trained on the training set of conceptnet . we report the precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) and f - measure ( f ) scores for the entity - concept pairs that were not seen during the training phase . we also report the performance for the concept pairs that did not see any training data . we can see that the addition of the tf - idf - embeddings consistently improves the performance , especially for the ‘ both ’ category , which is the most challenging one .
in order to evaluate the performance of the proposed embeddings , we compare them with the baseline glove model trained on the same corpus with the same training procedure . the results show that the proposed approach significantly outperforms the baseline in terms of the precision , recall and f - measure for both types of concepts . the proposed approach achieves the best performance for the ‘ t / n ’ type of concepts , while the baseline performs the best for ‘ both ’ types .
we observe that the concatenation of the embeddings from both the google and topic - wiki corpora gives the best overall results , outperforming the previous state - of - the - art by a substantial margin . we also observe that adding the idf - based similarity measure improves the f1 - score slightly , but not as much as using the tf - idf weighting scheme .
we observe that the lstm models perform better than the cnn and the cnn + c - lstm baselines for both the full and partial datasets . for the cnn full dataset , the best performing model is a combination of the bl + glove and bl + svm models , while for the cnn partial dataset the best performance is achieved by combining the glove and bl models . we also observe that combining the bl and glove models results in a significant improvement for the list and list - to - dict models .
we can see that the sat model with k = 2 or k = 4 outperforms the baseline model with b = 1 and b = 4 by a large margin , which demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed sat method . moreover , the performance of our model increases as the number of clusters k increases . the reason is that as k increases , the size of the clusters becomes larger , which results in a higher probability of interference from the source to the target sequence , leading to a decrease in the model ’ s performance . however , the speedup of our method is still higher than that of the baseline , which shows that our method can still maintain the quality of the source - target sequence .
s - lstm with different sizes of hidden nodes . we can see that with the increase of dummy nodes , the time and accuracy of the model increases , but the number of parameters also increases . the model with a hidden size of 200 has the best performance , which is slightly better than the model without dummy nodes . however , the model with the smallest hidden size 900 has the worst performance . the reason is that the model is too large to fit on the gpu card .
all models were trained on a geforce gtx 1080ti gpu with a batch size of 64 . we used the adam optimizer with an initial learning rate of 0 . 001 and dropped the learning rate by a factor of 10 at epochs 50 , 75 and 90 . the learning rate was decayed to 0 . 0001 after epochs 100 , 200 and 200 . we did not use dropout in our models . the number of epochs was set to 20 , 000 , and the number of heads per layer is set to 128 . the word embeddings were initialized with glove pennington et al . all models are implemented in pytorch and trained on an intel i7 - 4790k cpu @ 3 . 40ghz with 8gb memory . the models are evaluated on a nvidia titan xp gpu .
our proposed s - lstm model achieves the best test set accuracy of 82 . 45 % , outperforming the previous state - of - the - art by a significant margin of 1 . 53 % . the transformer ( n = 8 ) model also performs well on this dataset , but is outperformed by our proposed model .
the slstm and bilstm models outperform the other models in most of the cases , except for the health and kitchen datasets , where the 2 - layer lstm model is slightly better than the single layer model . however , the time complexity of the 2 layer model is significantly lower than that of the single layered model in all the cases .
we see that the s - lstm outperforms all the previous models and achieves the new state - of - the - art result for pos tagging with an accuracy of 97 . 55 % .
our best model , s - lstm , obtains a new state - of - the - art f1 score of 91 . 57 on the conll - 2005 test set , outperforming the previous state of the art by more than 2 f1 points . our model also outperforms the model of \ newcitelample2016neural , which achieves 90 . 94 f1 on the same dataset . on the other hand , our model does not outperform \ newciteyang2017transfer , which uses a much larger model .
for the e2e dataset , we use the standard train / dev split provided by the task organizer . the baseline is a pointer - generator sequence - to - sequence model trained on the training set of the conll - 2012 challenge . the character - based model outperforms the word - based system by 0 . 8 bleu and 0 . 5 rouge - l points on the challenge set . the best results on the dev set are achieved by the character model , which is also better than the baseline , but not as good as the best model on the original dev set . on the other hand , the char - based approach outperforms both the word and character models on our own test set .
melbourne and tilburg smt systems were trained on the original webnlg training set , while upf - forge was trained on a subset of the dev set . our best results correspond to the single best model on development set and avg ± sd of ten runs . our character - based model outperforms the word - based one by 0 . 8 bleu and 0 . 7 rouge - l .
increasing the number of layers in synst ’ s parse decoder significantly improves the speedup while marginally impacting bleu . randomly sampling k from { 1 … 6 } during training gives the best performance with minimal impact on speedup . increasing the maximum chunk size from 2 . 8 × to 4 × the size of the original parse tree yields little improvement over the baseline .
the results are averaged over using each human reference as prediction once . webnlg results are worse than those of e2e on both bleu and rouge - l . however , the difference is not statistically significant . we hypothesize that this is due to the difference in the size of the training data , which makes it difficult to find a strong baseline .
the results show that the content correctness of the webnlg system is slightly better than that of the e2e system in terms of content correctness , with the only exception of the grammatical errors in the info . dropped category , which is caused by the content errors that occur in the content of the webpages . the only exception is in the spelling errors category , where the difference is not statistically significant . the results for the other categories are similar to those for the content correct system .
for the e2e and webnlg datasets , we report the number of unique words , unique sentences , and 1 - 3 - grams , as well as the percentage of new texts . we observe that the character - level model outperforms the word - based model by a large margin in terms of both unique words and new texts , with the exception of the sentence “ i don ’ t know ” , which is the only sentence with a unique word in the training data . we also observe a similar trend for the character model when compared to the word model .
in order to evaluate the quality of the generated texts , we randomly sample 10 test instances from the test set and ask the annotators to rank the top n hypotheses ( with respect to content and language ) among the top 30 hypotheses generated by the word - based model . for template 1 + 2 , we add a reranker to the output of the lstm - based encoder . we observe that template 1 performs slightly better than template 2 in terms of c @ n . however , the difference is not statistically significant . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that template 2 is more similar to the training set than template 1 , and therefore the reranking process has less effect on the text quality .
our model ’ s oracle performance is competitive with the state - of - the - art supervised method cao et al . our model also outperforms the seq2seq baseline , demonstrating the effectiveness of our model on the gigaword dataset .
the contextual match model achieves a token overlapping score of 60 . 90 and a compression rate of 0 . 38 compared to filippova et al . the contextual oracle model achieves the best f1 score of 82 . 1 and the compression rate is 0 . 39 compared to the supervised results . the performance of the unsupervised baseline is 52 . 3 % in f1 and 60 . 9 % in cr , which is much lower than the supervised f & a baseline .
we also evaluate the impact of the contextual representation in the matching model . we compare the performance of our model with the following variants : ( 1 ) “ cs + cat ” , where we concatenate all the features from our matching model and feed them into a linear svm ; ( 2 ) cs + avg , which concatenates the average features from all the matching models and then feeds them into an mlp ; ( 3 ) our top - level representation ( cs + top ) , which is concatenated with the average of all the contextual features ; ( 4 ) our mid - level features from the cs model ; ( 5 ) our bot features , which are fed into the mlp and then fed into a feed - forward neural network ; ( 6 ) temp5 + cat , which is our temp10 model with cat features ; and ( 7 ) na + cat . we observe that the concatenation of the top and middle features leads to the best performance . we also observe that adding the bot features does not improve the performance significantly . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that bot features do not provide enough context for the model to be able to infer the bot ’ s true intent from the context .
the final official evaluation results of the submitted systems are summarised in table 3 . our final submission ( subtask 1 . 1 ) achieved an f1 - score of 72 . 1 % and 83 . 2 % for the ext . class and the motion - viz . sub - task 1 respectively . for the class . case , our system slightly outperformed the baseline system ( row 1 . 2 ) by 1 . 8 % and 1 . 7 % for class 1 and 2 respectively .
we also compared the f1 scores of the predicted chunk sequences obtained by the parse decoder with ground - truth chunk sequences from an external parser in the target language . we can see that when the parser deviates from its predicted chunk sequence , it usually results in a translation that is closer to the ground truth target syntax , while the translation produced by the token decoder closely follows the predicted sequence . the improvement obtained by jointly training the two decoders is 89 . 9 % in f1 - score .
the results show that using an auto - regressive rnn as the decoder and a cnn as the encoder leads to the best performance on all the tasks . this is consistent with the results of our ablation experiments where the autoencoder and decoder have the same architecture and the only difference between them is the number of parameters . the results also indicate that using a pre - trained , pre - training , and fine - tuned auto - encoder is better than using a randomly initialized , un - pretrained , and randomly initialized decoder in most of the cases .
for the sentence encoder and the decoder , we experimented with both cnn and rnn with different dimensionality of the embeddings . we found that the best results are achieved with a cnn encoder with 600 - 1200 - 300 dimensions and a cnn decoder with 20 dimensions . for the rnn encoder , the best performance is achieved by using a 2x2 lstm as the encoder . this is consistent with our findings in the previous section where we found that increasing the dimension of the word embedding matrix improves the performance of rnns .
the byte - pair encoded model outperforms the word - only model on all language pairs except for german - english on the wmt dataset . on the iwslt dataset , bpe 16k performs slightly better than bpe 32k , but the gains are not as large .
all models have ≈ 5 millions of parameters . char - cnn performs better than lstm - word on test set perplexity , but is outperformed by syl - lstm and syl - avg by a large margin . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that character - level cnns are better at capturing long term dependencies than word level cnns . syl - concat outperforms all other models by a wide margin .
we can see that the syl - cnn and syl - sum models perform better than the original char - cnn model in all languages except for czech ( czech ) and russian ( ru ) , where the difference is not statistically significant . the syl - concat model performs the worst in almost all cases , which is consistent with the results reported in the original papers . the main reason for the poor performance is that the data in czech and russian are much smaller than those in the other languages , which makes it more difficult for the network to learn a good representation for them .
variational rhn . in this experiment , we replace the character cnn with a recurrent neural network ( rhn ) and compare its performance with different variants . we use the same hyper - parameters as described in the previous experiments , i . e . , the depth and the depth of the lstm layers , the number of hidden units in the first and second convolutional layers , and the size of the fully connected layers . we can see that rhn - syl - concat achieves slightly better performance than the original rhn with the same depth and dlm , but the model size is reduced to 13m instead of 20m .
we observe that adding titles to premises improves both the support accuracy and the claim accuracy for both esim and transformer on fever . however , the gain is smaller for the transformer compared to esim . we hypothesise that this is due to the fact that esim is not able to exploit the additional information contained in the titles , as it does not have access to them .
we can see that the esim and transformer with the oracle argument outperform the baseline in terms of both the support accuracy and the claim kappa . we can also see that there is no significant difference in the claim accuracy when we concatenate the evidence from the two arguments .
we observe that the fever baseline ( tfidf ) is not able to provide supporting evidence for a majority of the claims , resulting in only 66 . 1 % of the retrieved evidence . the fever system with titles in tfidf improves this to 68 . 3 % by adding in the ne and film category , and 80 . 8 % by including the entire titles in the system . the final system with all the evidence retrieved ( titles + ne + film ) is able to improve this to 81 . 2 % with the help of the ne category .
we see that the oracle fever score is much higher than the fever score of . 5289 achieved by using the full document as the evidence set . using only the title or the first five paragraphs of the document results in a lower score of . 5553 . using the entire article as evidence results in an improvement of . 5736 , but using only the first few paragraphs results in the highest score , . 5844 . the fact that the system is able to achieve this score with just the title of the first paragraph is surprising , as it suggests that it might be possible to use the entire document as evidence to improve fever . the system that only uses the title as evidence does not perform as well .
we see that the overall accuracy is relatively high for the all pairs ( 44 . 7 % ) and the new pairs ( 14 . 3 % ) . however , we see a significant drop in the accuracy for the new pairs , which is likely due to the fact that they are more difficult to disambiguate compared to the all pairs .
the results show that the up - to - now system performs better than the separate system for both in - vocabulary pairs and oov pairs , including oovs . however , the best performance is obtained for both systems for the in - word pairs and for the oov - pairs . this indicates that there is a trade - off between the quality of the word embeddings and the size of the training data .
we observe that tl2rtl ( lτ ) achieves the best f - measure for both the indirect and direct cases , with lτce slightly outperforming lτh and l ∗ for the te3 and td datasets , but not for the indirect case . the difference in performance between lτ and lτc is smaller for the td dataset , which we hypothesize is due to the fact that there are fewer direct cases in this dataset .
for the second experiment , we compare the performance of the proposed method with the state - of - the - art clustering algorithm on the dataset containing only one slice of each legal and illegal slice of a particular flavor . the clustering results on this dataset are shown in table label : fig : legal vs . illegal vs . all . as can be seen from the table , the clustering result on the illegal slice is better than the one on the all - onion slice , but worse than that on the legitimate slice . the reason for this is that the illegal one is more difficult to cluster than the normal one , and the algorithm is not able to distinguish it from the other slices in the dataset .
the average percentage of wikifiable named entities in a website is 38 . 6 % for ebay , 32 . 5 % for illegal onion , and 50 . 8 % for the legal onion . we observe that the number of entities that are wikifiable is higher for the illegal onion than for the legal onion , likely due to the fact that the site ’ s authors claim that many of the “ illegal ” accounts are not real accounts , but are fake accounts .
our proposed method ukb outperforms the previous state - of - the - art methods by a significant margin on all test sets , with an overall f1 score of 70 . 3 % and an average of 68 . 8 % across all the test sets .
as can be seen , our system outperforms the previous state - of - the - art results on all test sets , except for s13 and s15 , where ims zhong and ng ’ s system obtains the best result . our system also achieves the best results on s2 , s3 , s07 , and s13 , but lags behind on s15 .
we can see that our proposed models outperform the baselines in most of the cases . the only exception is that ppr_w2wnf does not perform as well as ppr and dfs_ppr on s13 and s15 . we suspect that this is due to the fact that this dataset is much smaller than the others so that the dependency parser is less likely to be able to leverage the power of word2vec .
we can see that our model outperforms all the baselines on both swbd and swbd2 datasets . on swbd dataset , our model achieves 89 . 47 % and 95 . 92 % accuracy , which are the new state - of - the - art results on this dataset . we also compare our model with hn - att yang et al . our model also outperforms cnn and hn by a large margin . on the other hand , hn does not perform as well as cnn , which we attribute to the fact that it does not utilize any hand - crafted features and relies solely on word embeddings as features .
we can see that the seq2seq model only achieves 1 . 9 % accuracy on the test set , which is far lower than the performance of the state - of - the - art approach , typesql , which achieves 8 . 0 % . we can also see that syntactic embeddings can improve the accuracy to 18 . 9 % , which is more than 10 % improvement over the baseline sqlnet , and more than 20 % over the syntactic augmented version of syntaxsqlnet . our irnet model achieves the best performance on both the dev and test sets , outperforming bert by a large margin , with 61 . 9 % .
we further divide the questions into three categories based on the hardness level : easy , medium and extra . the results show that irnet ( bert ) achieves the best performance on the easy and extra difficulty level , while syntaxsqlnet is the best on the medium difficulty level . the reason is that bert is a strong baseline for sql matching , which is used to pre - train the word embeddings of the question and candidate sql query . however , bert does not perform well for the task of sql matching . on the other hand , irnet achieves a better performance than bert on all the three categories .
as we can see , all the sql - based approaches can achieve better performance than the vanilla seq2seq model by a large margin ( 1 . 9 % and 4 . 1 % improvement on sql and semql , respectively ) , while the syntactic approaches achieve a much smaller gap ( 10 . 8 % on sql vs . 25 . 0 % on semql ) . the main reason is that sqlnet and syntaxsqlnet are pre - trained on sql dataset , while bert is trained on the semql dataset . as a result , bert has a better performance on sql compared with sqlnet . however , the improvements of syntactic and bert based approaches are not as large as that of bert , which may be caused by bert ’ s ability to overfit to the training set .
s4ss3sss0px2 symmetric test set . we evaluate the performance of the classifiers on the supports and refutes cases from the fever dataset and on the generated pairs for the symmetric test set in the setting without ( base ) and with ( r . w ) re - weighting . we observe that bert outperforms esim and nsmn on both fever development and the generated pairs , and that the performance on the support and refes cases is similar to that of esim .
we can see that the most frequent bigram in the training data is “ at least one ” , followed by “ united states ” and “ at least one of the presidents ” . the other bigrams are similar to those in the development data , with the exception of “ later ” being more frequent in the train data . for example , the development lmi for the word “ chosen ” ranges from 0 . 44 to 0 . 77 , whereas the training lmi ranges from a 0 . 48 to an ⋅ 10 − 6 . this suggests that the model is sensitive to the choice of bigram .
we compare the performance of a newsqa bidaf model baseline vs . one finetuned on squad using the data generated by a 2 - stage synnet ( snet ) model . we find that the snet model improves over the baseline by 1 . 4 % in terms of exact match ( em ) and 0 . 8 % in span f1 . we also observe that the addition of syntactic data from snet further improves the performance by 0 . 7 % in em and 1 . 2 % in f1 , which shows that syntactic information generated by snet can be used to further improve the model ’ s performance .
in this section , we compare the performance of our model with the baseline seq2seq model on both datasets . for each dataset , we report the percentage of goals achieved by the model and the number of turns for which the model was able to complete the task within the allowed number of allowed turns . we can see that our model outperforms the baseline model in all the cases , which indicates that our goal encoder is able to guide the model to achieve the goal more precisely . moreover , we can also see that the difference between the goal - only and goal + state - only models is larger than that between the model with access to the state and the goal , which implies that the state information is more important than the state - only information for the task .
the pos tags include nouns , verbs , adjectives , adverbs , prepositional phrases , determiners , pronouns , and contingencies . for each language pair , we also report the percentage of pos tags that possess a specific morphology ( e . g . , noun , verb , adjective , subject , gerund ) . in both languages , the most frequent pos tags are nouns ( 25 % in zh ⇒ en and 1 . 9 % in en ⇇ � fr ) , followed by verbs ( 0 . 3 % in both languages ) , determiners ( 3 . 0 % and 5 . 7 % , respectively ) and punctuations ( 2 . 1 % and 2 . 7 % ) . the least frequent tags are adjectives ( 1 . 3 % , 4 . 5 % , and 3 . 5 % in the two languages ) , punctuation ( 1 % , 2 . 1 % , and 4 . 7 % ) , and verbs ( 2 % , 3 . 0 % , and 6 . 5 % ) . the most frequent tag type in the english - to - chinese translation task is procurbing ( i . e . , gerund ) , which accounts for a significant portion of the cross - lingual pos tags ( 18 . 3 % ) . in the case of the japanese - english translation task , this pos tag type accounts for more than a third of all the pos tags , while in the chinese - english task , it accounts for less than one fourth .
on the semeval - 15 dataset , our model with bilstm - 104 sentence training outperforms the previous state - of - the - art method by 1 . 24 % in accuracy and 1 . 64 % in macro - f1 score on the development set . our model also achieves the best performance when the training set is the same as the test set , i . e . , it outperforms previous sentence - level and paragraph - level sentence embedding methods by 0 . 52 % and 0 . 61 % in terms of accuracy and macro - f1 respectively . the results show that our model can also be applied to other nlp tasks , e . g . , sentiment analysis .
ablation studies . we perform ablation studies to study the effect of different components of our model . we vary k , the number of mini - batches used for question synthesis in squad , and vary the answer type and how much of the paragraph we use to question synthesis . the span f1 and em scores are measured on the test set of a bidaf model finetuned with a 2 - stage synnet . we find that using an ner system or the human - annotated answers to generate questions is better than using the entire paragraph . we also find that including the span of the first two sentences in the paragraph is the most effective way to generate question synthesis , while the third and fourth sentences provide the most significant boost .
the health → all - biomed schedule improves over the health schedule for es2en and en2es , but not for en2en bio . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the bio domain is more similar to the health domain than the other two domains , and thus the health curriculum is less useful for the bio dataset .
for es2en , the health → all - biomed model outperforms the health baseline by 2 . 8 bleu points in the health domain and 1 . 7 in the bio domain . for en2es , the all - bio model performs slightly better than the uniform ensemble model , but still lags behind the health model by 1 . 2 bleus .
for de2en , the uniform ensemble model outperforms the news → all - biomed submission by a substantial margin of 1 . 8 bleu on the khresmoi test set and 1 . 7 bleus on the en2de test set . the bi ensemble model performs slightly worse than the uniform model , but still outperforms all submissions by a significant margin of 2 . 0 and 2 . 3 bleu on the de2ens and en2degrees respectively .
we observe that bi with a smoothing factor of α = 0 . 1 outperforms uniform ensembles for es2en , en2es , de2en and en2de , but not for en2en . small deviations from the official test scores on submitted runs are due to differences in tokenization differences .
in this section , we compare the bleu scores of our proposed method with the state - of - the - art methods on two image captioning datasets . the first one is named escape , which is extracted from flickr30k images . the second one is imagenet v1 . 1 , which was extracted from ms - coco . we randomly select 10 , 000 images from the imagenet validation set for training and the rest for testing . the results show that our method outperforms the existing methods by a large margin .
we can see that the gaussian and uniform models perform slightly better than the mt as pe model . the ensemble model performs slightly worse than the uniform model , but is still competitive compared to the other models .
we can see that the processed mt baseline achieves 76 . 61 bleu score , which is lower than the base and gaussian baselines . the gaussian baseline performs slightly better than the mt as pe baseline , but not as good as the processed mt baseline . the uniform baseline achieves 77 . 01 ∼ 77 . 10 . the ensemble of five gaussian and uniform models achieves the best result , 77 . 22 , which outperforms the base model and the gaussian model by 0 . 01 and 0 . 05 bleus , respectively .
the values in bold represent the best result for each condition in terms of accuracy , grammaticality ( corr ) , grammar ( gram ) , and time ( s ) . we also report the values for diversity ( distinct ) and pinc ( pinc ) . we find that the best results are achieved with the lexical examples condition , which is the only condition in which there is a significant difference in accuracy between the baseline and the proposed method . the second best condition is the chain condition , in which the accuracy is slightly lower than the baseline , but the grammar is significantly better , and the diversity is significantly higher than the other conditions . we also find that there is an improvement in the gram accuracy when using the hybrid method , but it is not significant .
we can see that our method outperforms all the baselines in all the three categories . for the verb and frame categories , our method achieves the best results for both the nmpu and f1 - score . our method improves over the triframes watset and hosg baselines by a large margin . the improvement for the frame category is relatively small . this may be due to the fact that there are only two types of relations in this dataset : subject and frame . therefore , it is hard to find a strong baseline which can deal with both these types of relationships . on the other hand , for the verb category , our model performs better than all the baseline methods .
the lda - frames method achieves the best results on the dataset of polysemous verb classes by korhonen et al . the triframes - based methods and the hosg method perform well on this dataset , but their performance is not as good as on the other datasets . the noac method performs better than all the other methods on the nipu metric , but its performance on the nmpu metric is much lower than that of the lda methods .
we can see that both rr and rr_fr_1step outperform the baseline by a large margin , with the 1 - step rr being slightly better than the 2 - step version . moreover , the 2 step version of rr achieves the current state of the art performance in french - english .
we can see that the proposed rr method improves the state - of - the - art performance by a large margin over the baseline . the best performance is achieved by the rr_fr_1step method with 1 - step and 2 - step repeats .
we use four real - world corpora to evaluate the performance of our approach : cadec , conll2003 , craft , jnlpba , and scienceie . these data sets come from the askapatient , which is a forum where consumers can discuss their experiences with medications . each data set is associated with a set of entity types that we use to represent different aspects of biology . for each data set , we randomly select 80 % of the data as training data and 20 % as test data . the rest 20 % is used as a validation set to tune the hyper - parameters of our model .
we observe that there is a strong positive correlation between the word vectors and the effectiveness of pretrained language models ( tvc and tvcc ) and the similarity measures tvc , ppl , and wvv . however , there is no correlation between lms and the performance of pretraining . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the lms are trained to produce representations that are more similar to the original word vectors than to the pretrained word vectors .
in this section , we compare our best publicly available pretrained models with the publicly available ones , which are pretrained on much larger corpora . we use elmo peters et al . pretrained embeddings and glove pennington et al . , as our baselines . we observe that our word vectors perform better than elmo on all the corpora except for the scienceie dataset , where the difference is not statistically significant .
in this section , we investigate the impact of hyper - parameter setting on the effectiveness of pretrained word vectors . we follow the setting proposed by \ newcitechiu et al . specifically , we use the default setting in word2vec and pretrained word2vec - def to set the embedding size to d = 200 for scienceie , and d = 50 for wetlab . for all datasets , we observe that the model with pretrained vectors outperforms the one with randomly initialized embeddings on all datasets except for the pubmed dataset , where the model without pretraining is not able to outperform the pretrained model .
the most common type of discrepancy in context - agnostic translation caused by deixis ( excluding anaphora ) is caused by pronoun resolution discrepancy . other types of discrepancy include : t - v distinction , where the pronoun is either between the same or different speakers , gender : the same gender for both speakers , and other : whether the pronoun was originally intended for the same speaker or the opposite gender .
we evaluate our models on the subset of the thyme dev that contains the most event - to - event ( ee ) and timex3 × event ( te ) relation pairs . we also include the 0 - 100 , 100 - 500 and 500 + subsets to reflect average argument token frequency in the training data ( of sizes 2 . 2k and 2 . 7k respectively ) . we observe that the sglr model consistently outperforms the rc models with random initializations across all subsets , with the exception of the 0 – 100 subset , where the sg initializations perform slightly better than the random ones . the overall overall performance is similar to that of the rc model with the sg model .
we compare our model with the state - of - the - art results in terms of precision , recall , and f1 - score on the clinical tempeval dataset lin et al . we also include the best published results for comparison . our model significantly outperforms all previous models , including the best clinical tempeval results from the previous year . our best model outperforms the previous best published result by 1 . 8 % in terms f1 score . we note that our best model with no specialized resources , i . e . , rc ( random initialization ) and rc ( sg initialization ) , outperforms previous best results by 2 . 0 % and 1 . 6 % in f1 scores , respectively .
we find that the most error types are “ cross - clause relations ” , “ infrequent arguments ” and “ frequent arguments . ” the model with scheduled sampling ( rc + sg ) performs slightly better than the model with no scheduled sampling , likely due to the fact that the model is less constrained by the sub - clause boundary and more flexible with respect to the length of the context . we also find that model performance on “ other ” error types is similar to that of rc + sg .
as can be seen , ling + n2v provides a significant improvement over ling on all three datasets ( p < 0 . 05 , also for the following results ) . the difference is even more significant for the stance dataset , where the difference is more than 20 percentage points . this is unsurprising , as it is the only dataset on which the ling model is not able to outperform the random baseline , which is the baseline which it was trained on .
the corpus is split into a training set , a development set and a test set . the training set is composed of 1 , 297 , 635 sentences , while the development set is used for evaluating the cross - lingual performance of the system . the test set is made up of the remaining 7 , 393 sentences , which is the union of the training and development sets . the number of sentences in the corpus is kept constant across all languages .
we further analyzed the errors in context - agnostic translation caused by ellipsis . we found that the most common type of discrepancy is caused by the wrong verb ( vp - ellipsis ) , which accounts for 20 % of all the errors . other error types account for 14 % of the overall errors , which is less than the other errors .
the models m . 1 ( bow + logreg ) and m . 2 ( bilstm ) perform better than m . 3 ( bert ) in terms of accuracy on sst - 2 dev set . however , the difference between the means of predicted class probabilities for female nouns and male nouns is statistically significant with p < 0 . 01 ( after bonferroni correction ) . this result suggests that the model is sensitive to the gender of the sentences .
we evaluate the performance of the proposed approach on the test sets of the mnist dataset . the evaluation is performed by calculating cosine similarity between the predicted pairwise similarities between the ground truth pairwise similarity and the similarity of the pairwise embeddings obtained from each of the five different algorithms . for each algorithm , we report the mean and standard deviation of the cosine similarities for the seen pairings and unseen pairings conditions , as well as the standard deviation for the color and modality conditions . for the unseen modality test set , we also report the standard deviations for both the seen and unseen modalities test sets . for all algorithms , the ensemble approach outperforms the single - task approach for all of the test conditions , with the exception of the unseen color test set .
the concatenation model concatenates the output of the concatenated representations of the encoder and the decoder , and the s - hier - to - 2 . tied model ties the outputs of the two encoders in a sigmoid fashion . the concat model performs slightly better than the baseline ( 1 . 5m ) model , but not as good as our cadec model , which we hypothesize is due to the small size of our training set ( 6m ) being too small to train a reasonable model .
the f & c dataset contains a total of 12 , 012 unique characters ( no - leak and clean ) . the dataset is divided into two parts : ( i ) the original dataset with all the original labels and ( ii ) a subset of labels which are inferable by the resource . the original dataset contains 587 unique characters . subset labels are the subset of characters which are not present in the original data but are part of the clean dataset . the number of sub - labels is smaller than the total number of characters in the whole dataset because we removed stop words and punctuation marks .
our model outperforms the majority baseline by a large margin on both the f & c clean and new data sets . on the new data set , the doq model performs slightly worse than the model of yang et al . ( pce lstm ) on the clean data , but this difference is not statistically significant .
yang et al . ( 2018 ) result was achieved by running their model on their training set , and using it as a transfer method on relative . our model , on the other hand , can directly apply to the relative dataset without any fine - tuning . our method outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by a large margin .
intrinsic evaluation . to evaluate the quality of the annotations , we use our proposed methodology to measure the number of objects which fall into range of each annotator ’ s decision , given the dimensionality of the dataset . we observe that the indian annotators achieve an accuracy of 0 . 61 for mass , 0 . 77 for length , and 0 . 58 for speed . the us annotators , on the other hand , achieve a slightly lower accuracy ( 0 . 76 ) for speed and a slightly higher accuracy for length .
in order to get a better understanding of what the pca component of each satire can be used to predict , we performed a set of pca analyses for each of the five different categories of satire associated with the comics rink et al . each pca analysis was performed on a subset of 1 , 000 randomly sampled sentences from the test set of the black - humor shared task . for each of these corpora , we used a random forest classifier trained on the training set to predict the classifier output . the classifier outputs were then compared with the output of the lstm - based classifier on the same subset of sentences that had been annotated as either black or white . pca components that were not included in the analysis are marked with * * in the table .
the bert pre - trained model achieved an f1 - score of 0 . 78 for the fake news class , which is an improvement of 2 . 1 % compared to the model that was trained on the news content only . the text body only model performed slightly better than the headline only model , but the text body model outperformed the head - only model by 3 . 1 % .
for deixis and lexical cohesion , the best system is the concatenated system , followed by the s - hier - to - 2 . tied system , the concat system , and the cadec system . the best system for the context - consistency task ( concat ) is better than the baseline system ( baseline ) in all cases , except for the case where the concated system is worse than the tied system . this is not surprising , as the context of the first context is very different from that of the second and third contexts , and it is more likely that the model is simply memorizing the context from the first and second context . the concat systems are significantly better in terms of all evaluation measures compared to the other systems .
the baseline multinomial naive bayes classifier achieves a precision of 0 . 70 and an f1 - score 0 . 67 . the pre - trained bert model improves the performance of the baseline to 0 . 81 in terms of precision , recall , and f1 . the results show that the linguistic cues of text coherence and semantic representation can be used to better distinguish fake news and satire articles .
we compare our method with the state - of - the - art systems on the aida - b dataset . our method outperforms the runner - up system ( d17 - 1276 ) by a large margin . the ment - norm model with k = 1 achieves the best f1 score of 93 . 07 , outperforming the second - best system ( p16 - 1059 ) by 3 . 1 points , and the best baseline ( q15 - 1011 ) by 2 . 0 points . our model outperforms all the other systems , including the re - weighting method of \ newciteguorobust , which is based on the log - bilinear regression , by 1 . 4 points . we also compare our model with the baselines that use the same k as our model , namely , q15 - 1011 ( q with q - means ) and guorabust , p16 - 1059 ( p with logistic regression ) , as well as the k16 and d17 - 1276 systems that use word embeddings .
on average , guorobust achieved the best results on all the five datasets . our method outperformed the previous state - of - the - art methods on 4 out of 5 datasets and achieved the second best average score on the remaining 2 datasets . on the wiki dataset , our method achieved the third best score . on aquaint , ace2004 , and cweb , we outperformed all the previous methods . on msnbc , we did not perform as well , but our result is comparable to the best result reported by \ newcitecheng - roth : 2013 : emnlp . on all the other five datasets , we performed better than the previous best results .
we compare the proposed lstm - based variants with the previous state - of - the - art methods proposed by rach et al . as can be seen from the table , the bilstm model achieves the best performance in terms of uar , κ , ρ , and ea , with a perfect overlap between the train and test sets . this is due to the fact that there are many overlapping sub - dialogues in the test and train sets , which results in unrealistically high performance . in order to further analyze the performance of the proposed models , we also report the results of the lstms + att model , in which we concatenate the word embeddings of the question and the answer in the question , and feed them into a bilstm layer . we can see that the attention mechanism is able to further improve the performance , suggesting that the question - document relationship between the two sentences is beneficial for the final classification of the utterance .
the concatenation model concatenates the output of the concatenated encoder and decoder , and the s - hier - to - 2 . tied model performs slightly better than concat on both ellipsis ( infl . ) and vice versa . cadec outperforms the other two models by a large margin , achieving 80 . 0 % accuracy on the vp ellipsoids , which is the new state of the art .
we can see that the bilstm with the attention mechanism achieves the best performance in all evaluation metrics , outperforming the baseline lstm by a significant margin .
for the ner task , we report f1 - measure results over the test portion of our dataset averaged over 10 replications of the training with the same hyperparameters . we observe that the j_multi and ext_m_feat models perform slightly better than the vanilla ner and joint1 baselines , and slightly worse than the joint2 model . we also observe that our best performing model ( j_multi ) outperforms the previous work by a significant margin .
as in the ner evaluation , we report the mean accuracy over the test dataset averaged over 10 replications of the training . the multi - task model ( j_multi ) improves over the previous state - of - the - art by about 0 . 4 percentage points . the joint1 and joint2 models perform slightly worse than the single task model md , with the j_multi model slightly outperforming the joint1 model .
as can be seen from the table , adding knowledge graph information to the base models showed an absolute improvement of 4 . 97 % in case of fasttext and 1 . 36 % of glove in the case of bioelmo . we were able to improve these results to 78 . 76 % and 79 . 04 % with kg + sentiment respectively . the baseline model utilizing bioelmo as base embeddings lu et al . however , adding kg and sentiment vectors did not improve the results compared to the baseline model .
for deixis , lexical dependency and ellipsis , we show inflection / vp scores . we see that p = 0 . 25 leads to the best performance for all three context sentences . for lexicon dependency , we see that the score increases from 84 . 1 to 83 . 3 as p increases from 0 . 25 to 0 . 5 . for ellipsissis and inflection , the scores increase from 65 . 0 to 72 . 1 and 80 . 0 respectively as p rises from 72 to 80 . we show the inflection and vp scores for the 3 context sentences for which we have the corrupted reference at training time .
in phase 2 , we evaluate the performance of the traditional classifier given documents from seen classes only . to this end , we randomly sample 50 % and 25 % documents from the training set of 20news and dbpedia respectively from the seen classes and ask the classifier to predict the unseen classes based on their frequency in the training data . for dbpedia , we use 50 % of the whole training set as the test set and the remaining as the validation set . for 20news , we only use 25 % as the testing set due to the limited number of documents in the dataset . the results show that the model is able to generalize better to unseen classes than to seen classes by taking into account the distribution of words in the documents .
we evaluate the performance of our model with and without data augmentation on the conll - 2005 test set . we report precision , recall and f1 scores for the total , fine - grained , and even the ultra - fine class . we also report the performance for the general and the fine – grained classes . we observe that our model achieves the best performance for all the classes . in particular , our model outperforms the baseline model with elmo embeddings by a large margin for the fine and the ultra - fine classes . this shows that our enhanced elmo encoder can enhance the semantic representations learned by the pre - trained word embedding .
our denoising approach gives substantial improvements over the baseline , and matches the performance of a bert model xiong et al . the bert - base model , which uses glove embeddings and elmo representations , achieves a f1 score of 33 . 0 on the test set , matching the best published performance of choi et al . , choi et al .
the results show that the best f1 - scores are achieved using the raw data for both el and head . the best performing heuristic method is the synonyms & hypernyms method , which achieves 35 . 3 % in terms of f1 for el and 34 . 8 % for head . for the other types of denoising methods , we find that the overlap method achieves the best performance for el , while the pair method performs the best for head , and the filter method obtains the best results for el & head . overall , the proposed method outperforms the other heuristic methods by a large margin .
we compare our model with the current state - of - the - art results in terms of accuracy , macro - averaged f1 score , as well as the manually annotated mi - f1 score . our model with and without the elmo embeddings outperforms the previous state of the art by a large margin , achieving an accuracy of 64 . 9 % and an f1 of 84 . 5 % on the test set . we observe that the performance improves with the help of both the data augmentation and the pre - training of elmo .
the relabeling function deletes the most types for both el and head , with the fine - grained examples being discarded more than 90 % of the time . however , the ratio of discarded types is higher for the ultra - fine examples , which is expected as the fine grained examples are more visually distinct from the original examples . the filtering function tends to delete more types for the el examples , but not the head ones .
datasets . we use the ubuntu - v1 and samsung qa datasets to evaluate the performance of our model . the dataset contains 1m and 163k samples for training and validation , respectively . the size of the training set and the validation set are the same for both the models . the training set is used to tune the hyper - parameters of the model for the best performance on the validation and test sets . the model is trained on 1m training samples and tested on the remaining 1m samples . the response is composed by a set of tokens extracted from the context and the response of the question .
our proposed hrde model consistently outperforms all the baseline models on all the metrics , with significant improvements over the rde , rde - ltc , and hrde - dnn baselines on most of the datasets . hrde achieves the best results on the 2r @ 1 and 10r @ 5 metrics , and is comparable to the best performing baseline model compagg on the 1 in 1 in10r @ 2 metric . on the other hand , hrde outperforms compagg and bimpm by a large margin on all metrics . the performance of hrde is slightly worse than that of compagg , which may be due to the fact that compagg is trained with a large number of hand - crafted features .
our model outperforms all the baseline models on 2r @ 1 and 10r @ 5 , and achieves comparable results on the rest of metrics . compagg [ 3 ] and compagg [ 4 ] are the best baseline models for 1 in and 2 in - dataset , respectively . on the other hand , lstm [ 1 ] , rnn [ 5 ] , cnn [ 5 ] and rnn - cnn [ 5 ] outperform compagg and our model on all the metrics . our attention based model ( attention \ scriptsize { [ 6 ] } ( rnn - conv ) ) outperforms compagg by a large margin .
we can see that the proposed hrde - ltc outperforms all the baseline models in terms of all the metrics . it is worth noting that the tf - idf and rde models do not perform as well as the proposed models . this is because the samsung qa dataset does not have a large number of short answers in the training set , which makes it hard for them to capture the semantic similarity between the short answer and the long answer . in contrast , the proposed rde and hrde models are able to capture this semantic similarity better .
we compare our model with the state - of - the - art models in terms of bleu - 1 to bleus - 4 , meteor , and rouge - l scores . our model outperforms all the baselines on all the metrics , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our qg module .
we can see that the iwaqg model outperforms the qg model by a significant margin in terms of bleu - 4 , meteor , and rouge - l scores . however , the difference is not statistically significant according to paired t - test with p - value < 0 . 05 .
we can see that the qg model with our proposed iwaqg achieves 87 . 66 % recall of the what , which , when , when , who , why , how , and others questions , which is significantly higher than that of qg without our interrogative - word classifier ( i . e . , “ only qg ” ) . the recall of other questions is much lower , which indicates that our qg module is not able to correctly identify the why and others questions . however , the overall accuracy of the qgg model is much higher than the previous state - of - the - art qg models . the qg “ upper bound ” model achieves 99 . 87 % recall which is close to the upper bound ( 99 . 87 % ) of the previous best qg - based model . the “ what ” and “ which ” questions require more information than the other questions , and the “ why ” question requires more information . the overall accuracy is slightly lower than the ” high bounds ” , which means that we need more information from the question to answer the questions . the reason for the lower performance of “ qg * ” is that we do not use the classifier to distinguish between the different types of questions .
ablation study of our classifier we perform an ablation study of our interrogative - word classifier to understand the contribution of each component of our system . we observe that : ( 1 ) adding adversarial training ( at ) and named - entity recognition ( ner ) improves the performance of the classifier by a small amount , which is consistent with our previous findings ; ( 2 ) adding both at and ner to the cls classifier ( cls + at + ner ) increases the performance by a large margin , which demonstrates the importance of the two techniques in our system ; ( 3 ) adding ae further improves the accuracy by about 2 % over the cls baseline ; ( 4 ) finally , the combination of all the components ( cls , at , ner , and ae ) achieves the best performance , which shows the effectiveness of each of them .
our classifier achieves a recall of 87 . 7 % and a precision of 76 . 0 % on what , which , and when questions . the recall of the what class drops to 1 . 4 % and the precision of the which class is low , indicating that this class is by far the most difficult to predict . the overall performance of the classifier on the who and what classes is slightly better than the other classes , but the overall performance on the rest of the classes remains the same .
the las and the conn . ratio of the resulting tree is almost 100 % for all values of γ . the number of edges and nodes in the forest is proportional to the number of nodes in each node , which means that the las value is almost the same for all the trees with different values of k . we can see that with increasing γ , the number and location of the nodes increases , which leads to an increase in las . however , as k increases , there is no significant change in the accuracy of the generated trees .
we can see that both kbesteisnerps and edgewiseps significantly outperform the textonly baseline and the deptree baseline by a large margin , which indicates that the syntactic information extracted from the text itself is very useful for the task of biocreative vi cpr . furthermore , our model outperforms deptree by a significant margin .
our final model , edgewiseps , outperforms the deptree baseline by 1 . 4 % in f1 score . we also compare our model with kbesteisnerps , the current state - of - the - art method on the pgr dataset , and find that our model also outperforms biobert , which is a strong baseline for this dataset .
we can see that both kbesteisnerps and edgewiseps outperform the state - of - the - art model c - gcn and c - aggcn by 0 . 8 % and 0 . 7 % respectively . the difference between the two models is statistically significant ( p - value < 0 . 01 ) . we can also see that the performance of deptree is slightly worse than that of our model .
we can see that katt consistently outperforms the baseline models for different sizes of training instances . for example , when there are only 100 training instances , the relative improvement of hits @ 10 of katt over the baseline model is 7 . 4 % for cnn , 5 . 6 % for pcnn , and 9 . 1 % for lstm . moreover , we can also see that the relative improvements are more significant when the size of the training data is smaller , e . g . , when the training size is 200 .
from the results of ablation study , we can see that : ( 1 ) comparing with the original pcnn model , the gcns and hierarchical - based encoder - decoder models ( w / o hier and w / o gcns ) and word2vec , we find that gcns are more important for the katt model . this is because gcns can capture more semantic information from the word embeddings . ( 2 ) the kg - based kg model also contributes to the performance , but not as much as katt . this may be because kg can better capture the semantics of the words in the kgs . ( 3 ) by removing the hierarchical structure of the kg , the performance of katt drops a lot . this indicates that the hierarchical structural information in kg is important . ( 4 ) by comparing the results with pcnn , we found that the word2vec embedding model is more effective than the gcn - based one . the reason is that the word2vec embedding is pre - trained on wikipedia , which contains a lot of syntactic information , which can be learned by pcnn . ( 5 ) compared with the pcnn models , katt significantly outperforms all the other models . this shows that katt can capture the semantic information in the word representations , which is helpful for kgs to perform kg reasoning .
we measure the spearman correlation between the cosine similarity between the learned representations of the word embeddings and human - annotated similarities via spearman ’ s ρ . we observe that path2vec is the best method on all three datasets , and is significantly better on the lch and wup datasets . on the shp dataset , transr is the second - best method , and node2vec and deepwalk are the third and fourth best . the fse is the worst method on this dataset , which is unsurprising given that this dataset is the most difficult of all the three datasets . overall , we see that our method is competitive with the transr baseline , and significantly better than the other methods .
we can see that the graph - based measures consistently outperform the vector - based ones on all the three datasets . the relative improvements range from 0 . 015 on senseval - 2 to 0 . 381 on the semeval - 15 dataset . the lch and wup models with path2vec embeddings perform slightly better than the lch with wordnet , but the difference is not statistically significant .
for comparison , we trained varembed and polyglot on a 20 - million token dataset , as well as on a 1 . 7b - token subset of the rareword dataset . as expected , the similarity scores are higher on the polyglot subset than on the in - vocabulary subset , but the difference is not statistically significant . interestingly , the mimick approach does not perform as well . we suspect that this is due to the small size of the dataset , which makes it hard for the model to learn representations that generalize as well to unseen words .
s4ss3sss0px2 comparisons w / or retrieval . we compare our model with the following baselines : seq2seq - based encoder - decoder model ( seq2seq ) our model outperforms all the baselines in terms of bleu , mtr , and len metrics . with oracle retrieval , our model achieves the state - of - the - art performance on all the metrics with or without encoding evd . this shows that our model is able to utilize the information encoded in the source sentences to improve the quality of generated responses .
we see that character - level embeddings improve over the no - character baseline for all languages , and that the improvement is generally larger when using the full data . the improvement is particularly large for estonian and finnish , two languages with unique morphology from the iarpa treebank that are not represented in the full training data . for estonian , the character - based model outperforms the non - character - based baseline by more than 1 . 5 points when using only 5 % of the training data ( ntrain = 5000 ) . for finnish , the difference is less pronounced , but still substantial ( 1 . 2 points ) . for most languages , the improvement from using both character and pseudo - characters is greater than using only the word - based one .
we see that character - level embeddings improve over the no - character baseline for all languages , and that the effect is more pronounced in the full data case . we also see that the improvement is larger for tamil than for the other languages . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that tamil is a morphologically - rich language and , thus , benefits more from the character n - grams .
we can see that the char → tag baseline is worse than the baseline with the full vocabulary , but the with - embeddings model consistently outperforms the baseline in terms of bleu scores for all languages except arabic , where the difference is statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) . we can also see that in most cases , the model with the embeddings obtained from the char → tag model matches or exceeds the performance of the model without the embedding , except for danish and hebrew .
for each scenario , we report the accuracy and perplexity of the three models ( human , script , and linguistic ) as well as the performance of the tily model . the perplexity is computed as the proportion of questions for which the model predicted the correct answer to be the same as the ground truth . we observe that the script model outperforms the other two models in terms of accuracy in most of the scenarios . however , the lily model is slightly better than the human model in some cases .
we can see that our decoder outperforms the baseline in terms of both mrr and p @ 1 . our decoder with attend kp performs better than the decoder without attend kp , which demonstrates the effectiveness of the attend kp mechanism . we can also see that the performance of our decoders with both attend kp and encoder - decoder are better than that of the baseline with only one decoder .
overall , we find that the n - grams that are most predictive of script - level fluency are intensity , interval , recency , and frequency , with n = 3 . 4 , 3 . 245 , and 0 . 244 for script and n = 2e - 16 for language model , respectively . in general , we see that ngrams related to fluency and interval tend to be lower for both the base and language model estimates than those related to language fluency . in some cases , ngram - based fluency is slightly lower for the base estimate than for the language model estimate , possibly due to the fact that it is harder to discriminate between scripts and language models for this ngram . however , we do not find any statistically significant differences in the estimated fluency or interval for either the base or language model . overall , the overall trend is similar to what we observed for ngram – ground truth overlap .
we find that elmo , bert , and d - embeddings are all significantly more friendly than word2vec and glove , with the exception of the slightly worse performance of elmo on the sp - 10k dataset . we also find that bert ( static ) and elmo ( dynamic ) are less friendly than the other contextual embeddings , which we attribute to the fact that they are pretrained on wikipedia , which is not the same as the training data used for fine - tuning . we do not find any significant difference between elmo and bert for the keller dataset , which may be due to the small size of the training set , but note that the difference is statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) .
we can see that the subword - based models outperform the word2vec and d - embedding embeddings by a large margin , indicating that subword information is useful for this task . the nsubj and dobj models perform better than the glove - based ones , and the combination of h and t achieves the best overall score .
overall performance , embedding dimension , and training time of mwe are similar to those of the state - of - the - art language models . mwe achieves slightly better performance than elmo and bert on the ws task . however , mwe is significantly faster than bert and elmo . this is due to the fact that bert is pre - trained on a large corpus , which makes its embeddings much more efficient than mwe .
in this section , we compare the alternating optimization strategy with other training strategies . we observe that the proposed strategy with λ = 0 . 5 achieves the best overall performance and the alternating optimization strategy achieves the second best averaged spa and second best overall ws performance . the alternating optimization training strategy performs better than the other two strategies .
we train single transformers to convergence on 1m wat ja - en sentences , batch size 4096 . we use the same hyperparameters as in the previous experiments , except that we use a smaller learning rate for the linearized derivation loss and a smaller batch size for the bpe encoder .
morishita et al . the tree - based representation is slightly better than the plain bpe model , but still falls short of the current state - of - the - art by 0 . 4 bleu . the pos / bpe model outperforms the previous state of the art by 1 . 0 on both the development and test sets . we also experiment with a linearized derivation model , where the derivation is based on the pos tag , but it does not outperform the tree model .
for the sake of completeness , we also include results for the j - en and ja - en ensembles using plain bpe as the external bpe representation . we see that the pos / bpe model slightly outperforms the bpe baseline by 0 . 2 bleu , and the tree - based representation slightly underperforms the linearized derivation model .
we observe that the basic configuration performs slightly worse than the split and unk configurations on all language pairs except for english → cs and english → { cs , de , en , fi , en - lv , ru , en - ru , cs - en , de - en } . the unk configuration slightly outperforms the basic one on most language pairs , except for fi - en and lv - en on english ↔ { en , fr , ru } . the split configuration performs better than the unk one on all languages except for en - cs and en - fr - en . the basic and split configurations perform similarly on the remaining language pairs .
on the spmrl dataset , the baseline is a udpipe - based logistic regression classifier trained on the training set . the udpipe classifier achieves an f - score of 69 . 65 % on the test set . on the wiki5k dataset , our classifiers achieve f - scores of 67 . 61 % and 64 . 88 % for udpipe and udpipeipe , respectively . the classifiers that use raw tweets as features ( rf , dnn , and yap ) perform significantly better than the baseline , with rf performing the best and dnn the second best .
on the spmrl dataset , we see that deletion of vowels , letters , and letr - vowl all hurt performance by less than 0 . 5 % in terms of f - measure . on the wiki5k dataset , deletion of lemmas , expansion , and lexicon also hurt performance slightly , but not as much as deletion of letters and vowels .
we can see that the size of the perturbation space is proportional to the number of forward passes to evaluate in the exhaustive verification . for example , for sst - word , we need to evaluate 674 forward passes for δ = 1 to perturb the 5 , 136 words in the test set to achieve an exhaustive verification accuracy of 5 % , while for the character - based dataset , we require only 21 , 116 forward passes , which is less than the maximum number of passes needed to achieve the same accuracy .
we observe that the adversarial training and data augmentation strategies do not consistently improve the model ’ s performance , and in some cases actually hurt it . this is most evident for sst - char - level , where the oracle accuracy is lower than that of the model trained on the original training set . for the ag - char and word - level datasets , training on adversarial examples leads to a lower oracle performance than training on original training data . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the classifier is less confident in its predictions when it is making correct predictions , resulting in fewer false positives and fewer false negatives .
in the non - anonymized setting , we observe that hier - bert is the best method in terms of recall and f1 , followed by bigru - bert and bow - svm . in the anonymized setting ( i . e . , without using any unlabeled data ) , the performance of bert is significantly worse than the majority baseline , indicating that there is still room for improvement .
for most target languages , using many - to - one mapping results in better performance than using k - means , with the exception of brazilian portuguese ( a - hmm ) , where e - kmeans slightly outperforms brown . however , the difference is not statistically significant for most languages .
we can see that the cipher - avg model outperforms the cl baseline by a large margin , e . g . , by more than 10 bleu points in most cases . this shows that the use of transfer learning improves the performance of the model as a whole when transferring from a different language to another .
we compare the performance of our combined cipher grounder ( cipher - avg ) with that of a supervised tagger , which is trained on the full training set of the target language as well as the source language . for comparison , we also report the f1 score of a classifier that is trained only on the supervised training set , that is , the tagger that is provided to the model in the form of a special unk token ( i . e . , the noun tag ) .
s4ss0sss0px3 impact of named entity recognition we first investigate the impact of the grounded unsupervised pos tagging model on the mal task . we use the same experimental setup as in the main paper , except that we use gold spans instead of pos tags . we observe that the cipher tagger improves over the gold ones for all languages , and that the improvement is more pronounced for languages with fewer training examples .
we can see that guo outperforms all the other tags in terms of both uas and las for all languages , and that the performance of guo with gold - standard test tags is better than that of any of the other embeddings when tested on the other languages . for example , the las score for fr is increased from 45 . 10 to 52 . 37 when using guo as the test tag instead of the synthetic one , and the uas score increases from 52 . 27 to 54 . 93 when using the synthetic test tag .
the table shows that hier - bert obtains the best overall performance , followed by bigru - att and han , and lwan and bow - svm are the best on frequent and frequent labels , respectively .
in this section , we evaluate the performance of the proposed method on a wide range of publicly available text classification datasets across a variety of domains , languages , and time periods . the first four datasets ( dea , der , en , es , and pt ) are collected from the united states conference on emmissions and recognition ( iarpa ) the last three datasets ( es , hu , and is ) are collections of letters written by lay persons in spanish , portuguese , and turkish , respectively . each dataset is divided into a training set , a development set , and a test set . the development set is used to select the best performing model based on the performance on the development set .
we observe that norma , lookup performs better than the identity baseline for all languages except for hindi , where it is the second - best performing method , closely followed by the maximum baseline . the best performing method for each of the other languages is also the one with the highest score across all languages , except for the english pt dataset , where norma performs the best . overall , we observe that our method is competitive with the state - of - the - art , and in some cases even outperforms it .
we use spearman ’ s ρ to measure the correlation between the mae and the case importance of each system . we find that hier - bert is the most important system , followed by bigru - att and han , and bow - svr is the least important .
our method outperforms all the baselines , including the state - of - the - art joint jamr model of wang et al . our model with the projective decoder achieves the best overall performance , outperforming the baseline with the fixed - tree decoder by 0 . 8 $ ± 0 . 5 % in f1 score . the k & g edge model also improves over the baseline , but not as much as our model .
we see that the most important metric is smatch , which measures the percentage of sentences that match the gold standard in terms of named entities and synonyms . this is the only metric that does not perform well on any of the three datasets . the second best metric is unlabeled , which is based on the unlabeled sentences , and the third is wikification , which we use to measure the extent to which the provided wikification information is useful for the paraphrase detection task . in general , we see that unigram and bigram overlap is the most effective measure of syntactic generalization , followed by named entity disambiguation , and finally by wikification .
we can see that the all model achieves the best performance on both development and test sets . the performance of the tsp - gen and jamr - gen baselines drops a lot when we remove the induction rule , the concept rule and the moving distance rule , and the reorder model . the noinducedrule and noconceptrule models perform worse than the all system , which indicates that the inductive rule is more important than the rule induction and moving distance rules . we also find that the noreordermodel model performs the worst among all the models .
we use beam search with beam search decoding with beam size 10 . the beam search results in a beam search error rate of 30 . 0 % for the nonterminal symbol . the error rate for the terminal symbol is 39 . 9 % , which is significantly higher than for the glue symbol ( 30 . 0 % ) .
we split the data into three parts : train , dev , and test sets . the train set is used for model training , while the dev and test set are used to evaluate the performance of the model on the dev set . the dev set is split into 80 % for training , 20 % for development , and 10 % for testing . the model performance on the test set is evaluated using the official evaluation script provided by the task organizer .
from the table , we can see that the harmonic means of the f1 scores of all the four models are significantly different from each other . for example , the harmonic mean of hrlce is 0 . 7706 higher than that of sld and sl on the test set , which is a significant improvement . this means that the model is able to distinguish between happy , angry and sad emotions better than the other two emotions . the harmonic means for bert are also significantly higher than those of sl and sld on both the development and test sets .
we can see that our model outperforms jamr in both the alignment f1 and the oracle ’ s match rate , which indicates that our alignment model can produce more precise hand - aligned predictions .
the jamr parser with our aligner achieves 71 . 3 % and 73 . 1 % accuracy on the newswire and all datasets , respectively . when we add the aligner , the accuracy improves to 68 . 8 % and 65 . 1 % , which are 1 . 4 % and 1 . 5 % absolute improvements over the baseline . the camr parser achieves 64 . 6 % accuracy , which is slightly worse than our model . the reason may be that the camr dataset is much smaller than the newswwire dataset , which makes it hard for the alignment model to capture the semantic similarity between sentences .
our parser with the jamr aligner outperforms the baseline with the help of our aligner by 1 . 8 % absolute f1 on the newswire test set , and 1 . 7 % on the whole test set . when we add the pos tagger to our parser , we obtain an additional 1 . 6 % absolute improvement over the baseline , but the gain diminishes after adding the aligner . we also compare our parser with damon et al . ’ s \ newcitedamonte2017 on the test set of the wnli dataset . our parser achieves an f1 score of 71 . 9 % when trained on the word only subset of the training set , compared to the parser ’ s performance on the full test set ( 68 . 8 % ) .
our model outperforms all the baselines on the all and seq metrics , and obtains the highest scores on pos1 , pos2 and pos3 . our model also achieves the highest score on all the pos tags except for pos1 .
in this section , we show the results of applying the proposed method to the person , gene , protein , and cell type classification tasks . for each of these classification tasks , we randomly select one fold as the training set and use the rest of the folds as the test set to evaluate the performance of the model . this process is repeated 100 times for each of the five classification tasks and we report the mean and standard deviation of the micro - f1 scores .
in order to evaluate the performance of the proposed method , we compare it with the state - of - the - art methods in terms of eal @ 1 . 0 and f - score on the entity classification and annotation tasks . the results show that the proposed ufa method outperforms the other methods in both the eal and the eaa annotation mode . in particular , ufa outperforms hfa and fa in most cases .
the ontonotes dataset is a large - scale text dataset that contains 1 . 4m labelled text documents from the wordnet glosses welleck et al . the texts are organized in the following order of granularity : bc . conv , news , bc . news , bible , phone , trans . and web . the text is organized according to the type of the context ( e . g . , written text , written news , or book ) .
the classifier achieves an f1 - score of 0 . 787 on the test data set . the misclassification rate is defined as the ratio of incorrectly classified samples over the total number of samples correctly classified . the precision and recall for grade level prediction are 0 . 8 and 0 . 9 respectively .
we find that the genres bible and newswire have the highest agreement , with 25 . 76 % and 28 . 98 % notional agreement , respectively , followed closely by newswire with 20 . 75 % and 40 . 33 % strict agreement . the average agreement across genres is 43 . 91 % and 47 . 02 % for spoken and non - spoken genres , respectively . we observe similar patterns across genres , with the bible having the largest agreement ( 27 . 66 % ) and the newswire having the smallest ( 28 . 98 % ) .
the ampere dataset contains about 10 , 000 annotated propositions divided into three categories : req ( req ) , fact ( fact ) , ref ( ref ) , quot ( quot ) , non - a ( non - a ) , and non - fact ( fact ) . we categorize a proposition as “ req ” if it contains at least one referential answer , “ fact ” for “ quotes ” and “ non - fact ” , and the other categories for the “ other ” category . we manually annotated each of these categories using the annotations provided by the annotators . note that the fact category is the most frequent category , followed by the quot category .
the crf and bilstm - crf models significantly outperform the fullsent and pdtb - conn baselines by a large margin , showing the importance of using syntactic information for this task . our joint model improves over the crf baseline by more than 10 points in terms of f1 - score , and outperforms the rst parser by over 20 points in precision .
in this section , we compare the performance of our proposed models against the state - of - the - art methods in the prediction of stock price changes in the real - world financial news datasets . we use mae and r - squared as the performance metrics . the best results in each dataset are marked with an asterisk in the table .
we can see that the accuracy of the proplexicon is significantly lower than that of the svm and cnn classifiers . this is due to the fact that the proplexicon does not provide any segment - level labels for the question , and therefore , it is not able to predict the correct answer . on the other hand , the cnn and svm classifiers perform significantly better than the majority classifier , and the accuracy increases significantly as the predicted segments are added to the training set . this shows that the cnn classifier is better at predicting the correct segment than the other classifiers , and that the predicted segment labels are more accurate than the gold standard labels .
the model is a 2 - layer bidirectional lstm ( b - lstm ) encoder and decoder are two layers of 500 hidden units , each with a hidden dimension of 500 . the word vectors are fed into two separate lstms with a dimension of 300 and a dropout layer of 0 . 3 . the beam size is set to 5 .
our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art in terms of both ter and bleu by a large margin . the model trained on 23k parallel sentences achieves a ter score of 30 . 23 , which is already better than the previous best result of 24 . 48 by bérard et al . however , the gap between the 23k and 500k model narrows down to 7 . 5 ter points after fine - tuning , which shows that our model is able to benefit from additional parallel training data .
we can see that the best setting for each property is different depending on the dimensionality of the feature representation , the word2vec cbow and glove embeddings , and the type of feature representation . for the property “ made of metal ” , the dimension of the matrix encoder is 5 and the window size is 300 , while for the properties “ has various colors ” and “ is round ” the dimension is 2 and 1 respectively . the best f1 - score is achieved by the combination of all the properties with a window size of 300 .
the l - bilstm - s ( 2 ) performs better than the tree model for root , conj , advcl , xcomp , parataxis , amod , and csubj . the tree model performs better for the rest of the relations , with the exception of amod .
the liwc lexicon is a collection of psycholinguistic information about psycho - linguistic psychological concepts . it contains 73 psychological terms that are grouped into five categories , namely , positive , negative , neutral , positive and negative . the emotion lexicon of emolex is a subset of the semeval15 corpus , which contains 14 , 182 words for emotion and one for the emotion - neutral .
we find that the concatenation of the embeddings of the words in a sentence improves the performance of the baseline model , with the best results for sst - 5 , sent17 , phychexp , and irony18 , and the worst results for scv1 and scv2 . the best results on the other datasets are obtained by the affine , gate , and concordance regularization methods . the gate regularization does not improve the performance over the baseline on any of the datasets . the affine regularization method performs slightly better than the gate method on the sent17 dataset , but worse on all other datasets .
the mean mae for the mean label is computed by taking the absolute difference between the prediction of the majority class and the mean of the minority class , and then dividing by the number of predictions that would be classified as positive by the classifier . the tree mae is computed as the average of the maes for the majority and minority classes , and represents the mean absolute difference of prediction errors across all classifiers .
in this experiment , we compare the performance of siguni and sigvac on the amazon , newsgroups , and new york times datasets using the same global metrics as before . for each dataset , we crowdsourced topic - word matching annotations using the amazon mechanical turk ( amt ) crowdsourcing platform . we use the amt ’ s mechanical turk platform to collect the annotations for the amazon and newsgroups datasets , and the amazon . com dataset for sigununi . the amt workers were asked to judge the topic - words matching between each pair of documents based on the following criterion : 1 ) whether the two documents are related , 2 ) whether they are related at all , and 3 ) if they are unrelated . we used r2 to measure the consistency between the global metrics and the crowdsourced annotations . for the amazon dataset , r2 is 0 . 6960 , which is higher than 0 . 6310 obtained by siguni , and r2 = 0 . 6063 obtained by sigvac , which has a r2 of 0 . 6081 . on the newsgroups dataset , the r2 values are 0 . 4839 and 0 . 4463 , which are lower than those obtained by the global metric with the same number of topics and words .
we include metrics measuring both local topic quality and global topic quality . for each metric , we report the coefficient of determination ( r2 ) between the automatic metrics and the human - annotated topic - word matching annotations for the amazon , newsgroups , and new york times datasets . for the amazon dataset , the r2 is 0 . 9077 , 0 . 8737 , and 0 . 7022 for switchp , switchvi , and avgrank , respectively . we find that the coherence metric is less correlated with the topic quality than the other metrics on the amazon and newsgroups datasets . we hypothesize that this is because the newsgroups and amazon datasets are more similar to each other than to the amazon datasets ( e . g . , the amazon reviews are shorter and the newsgroups reviews are more diverse than the ny times ) .
we compare the performance of our approach to the state - of - the - art baselines in terms of precision at k ( p @ k ) and area under the roc curve ( auc ) on the test set . our approach outperforms all baselines by a significant margin in both p @ 01 and p @ 10 , with an average relative improvement of 6 . 23 % and 11 . 19 % in p @ 1 and auc , respectively . in particular , our method outperforms the baseline frequency method by 4 . 64 % and 1 . 87 % on p @ 05 , and the baseline letor method by 2 . 34 % and 2 . 10 % on the average in terms p @ { 01 , 05 } .
we can see that the best performance is achieved when we only use bag - of - words features , i . e . , bag of - nouns , entity mentions , and event types . this is because bag of words is a strong feature representation of the event types in our dataset . however , bag of n - grams alone do not perform as well as bag of word features . we can also see that entity mentions are more important than event types for this task . this may be due to the fact that many event types are strongly related to specific entities , such as ‘ location ’ and ‘ identifier ’ .
for instance , the absolute prediction error for a sentence “ what time would you like to leave ? ” can be as high as 43 % when using h - bilstm ( 2 ) - multisim w / uds - ih2 . this shows that the model is very sensitive to the type of grammatical errors that are present in the sentences . in general , we found that the most predictive attributes are “ the presence of an auxiliary or light verb ” , “ annotation is incorrect ” and “ future event or state ” .
word2vec shows the cosine similarity of event pairs from pre - trained embeddings with their closest kernel mean after training . we see that the most similar event pairs are : kill ( 0 . 69 ) and kill ( e ) with a kernel mean of 0 . 69 and 0 . 3 , respectively . the less similar pairs are , the less similar they are . this shows that even if we do not explicitly model the semantic relationship between event and label entities , the embedding is able to learn the association between event pairs .
we measure the percentage of unique n - grams among all sentences in the test set that are extracted from the training data using the self - bleu metric . we observe that the bert ( base ) model , which has the largest number of parameters , is the most unique among all the models , with the exception of wt103 where it is less than 2 % more unique than the largest bert model . on the other hand , as we increase the size of bert ’ s parameters , we see that the percentage increases , suggesting that bert is more likely to extract more and more unique sentences . we also observe that as we scale down bert to a smaller model size ( i . e . , smaller than bert - large ) , we see a decrease in the percentage .
we evaluate the quality of the generations of the wt103 and tbc datasets using bert devlin et al . we sample 1000 sentences from each of the respective datasets to compute bleu and perplexity scores . we observe that bert ( large ) produces the highest quality generations on both datasets , with wt103 being slightly better than tbc . the gpt model , on the other hand , produces sentences that are substantially worse than bert on wt103 but slightly better on tbc , likely due to the fact that it does not have access to the context of the input sentence . we also observe that the bert models produced by wt103 are significantly better than those produced by tbc in terms of perplexity .
we compare our model with the state - of - the - art methods on the ace2004 dataset , cweb , and wiki datasets . our model achieves the best performance on aida - b , msnbc , aquaint , and ace2004 . on the other five datasets , our model outperforms the previous state of the art by a large margin .
when it is weakly - supervised , our model achieves an f1 score of 88 . 05 on aida - a , 89 . 66 on wikipedia , and 91 . 34 on the aida conll test set . the gap between the two sets of f1 scores is smaller than on the development set , which shows that our model does not suffer from the data sparsity issue . on the other hand , the gap is larger on the full set of aida test sets , which is probably because aida is a much larger test set than the other three .
we can see that without local embedding , the f1 score drops from 88 . 05 to 82 . 41 , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our local graph embedding . without attention , the model also suffers a significant performance drop , which shows the importance of the attention mechanism . finally , without the disambiguation model , the performance drops to 86 . 42 , which indicates that the pre - trained embedding model is essential for aida conll .
our model outperforms the fully - supervised learning model on all four types of ner by a significant margin . the most significant improvement is achieved for the ner type per , where our model improves from 75 . 71 % to 97 . 73 % .
we can see that the h - combined model achieves the best overall f - score ( 28 . 15 ) , outperforming the baseline model by a large margin . the gcn - based and att - based models perform better than the base models for most of the languages , except for german , where the gcn model performs slightly better . for english , the performance of the base and gcn models is similar for both mwe - and non - mwe - based embeddings , and the att - base model is slightly better for both types of embedding representations .
overall , we see that the l - bilstm ( 2 ) - s + lexfeats model outperforms the baseline model for all verb types except for “ dont to ” , for which the difference is not statistically significant . however , the difference in mae between the two models is statistically significant at p < 0 . 01 for the forget to and get to events .
we can see that the gcn - based and h - combined models perform better than the baseline in all the cases , which indicates that the graph convolutional network is able to learn the discriminative features of speech in different languages . the performance of shoma on the disjoint datasets is not satisfactory , which can be explained by the fact that it does not consider the structural information of the utterances in the test data .
in this section , we compare the performance of our model with the baselines on different pretraining tasks . we use the same model pretrained on each glue task as the base model for all the other tasks , and then fine - tune it separately on each of the glue tasks . the results show that our model consistently outperforms the random pretraining baseline and the single - task baseline on all the tasks , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed model in leveraging multiple tasks for pre - training . we also observe that fine - tuning the model pre - trained on one task ( e . g . , qqp ) results in worse performance compared to pretraining the model on all other tasks . for example , the average f1 score of the model trained on sts ( 76 . 7 % ) drops from 89 . 0 % to 56 . 0 % , which indicates that the model is not able to leverage the additional sts task information to improve the performance on the downstream tasks .
we find that the single - taske baseline outperforms the randome baseline on all of the tasks except for rte and wnli , where randome is the best . we also find that elmo with elmo pretrained on the entire training set outperforms all other models on most of the datasets , except for sst and qqp . we hypothesize that this is due to the small size of the training set , which makes it difficult for elmo to overfit to the training data . in contrast , elmo fine - tuned on the single - task training set does not suffer from this issue .
for each task , we report the mean and standard deviation of the difference between the average score across all tasks and the mean score across the tasks . we observe that for all tasks except qqp , there is a positive correlation between the score on the cola task and the score for each of the other tasks . the only exception is the mrpc task , where there is only a negative correlation between score on cola and score on sts .
ne - tags refer to a set of entities , i . e . , dates , time , duration , set , set ( temporal ) , number , or cardinality . the ne - tag of a document is defined as follows : number refers to the number of entities in the document ( e . g . , “ number ” , “ location ” ) . percent of nes refers to percent of documents that have a cardinality of at least one entity . the most frequent ne is “ percentage ” ( 2 . 92 % ) , followed by “ money ” with 2 . 25 % . the least frequent nes are “ person ” and “ organization ” at 0 . 26 % .
the only - nummod model significantly outperforms the baseline in terms of both precision and f1 - measure for all predicate types , with the exception of the entity has part predicate , where the vanilla model performs slightly better . this is likely due to the fact that the number of wikidata entities as subjects is much smaller than in the other two datasets . for example , only 2 % of the entities in the wikipedia dataset are covered by the child predicate , but this entity does not appear in the training data .
in this section , we show the experimental results of our proposed models for inter - int and intra - int pairs . for int , we compare our models with the baselines on ara , baq , fre , ger , heb , kor , pol , and swe datasets . we also compare our model with several state - of - the - art baselines for intra - int and inter - int pairs , including word2vec , lstm , cnn , and rnn - based models . we can see that our model achieves the best average accuracy on all the seven languages , outperforming the second best by a small margin .
the las improvements in the iv and oov cases are in the range of 0 . 10 to 1 . 5 , and the average δiv improvement is 0 . 8 to 0 . 9 . the average δoov improvement is 1 . 74 to 2 . 74 , which is much smaller than the average improvement of the iv case . the reason is that the las improvement in the oov case is smaller than that in iv case , because the number of oov words in oov sentences is much fewer than that of iv words , which makes it easier for the model to detect them .
as expected , the best results are obtained when the training and test sets are all from the same language family . however , when the same languages are used for training and testing , the results are not as good as when they are combined . this is probably due to the fact that the amount of training data in these two countries is smaller than that in the other two countries . in this case , it would be more beneficial to use the same training data for both languages .
we report bleu and exact - match scores over the held - out test set of the wall street journal ( wsj ) and the conll - 2002 test set . the neural mrs model outperforms the ace model by a large margin , improving over the erg baseline by more than 20 points in all cases . the dag transducer ye et al . however , we note that the dag model is trained on the full training set , whereas our neural mrs is trained only on the subset of the wsj test set that contains the gold and silver amrs .
we use the same hyper - parameters for all the experiments . the char emb size and bigram emb size are set to 50 and 50 , respectively . the lattice emb size is fixed to 50 , and the lstm hidden size is set to 200 . the dropout rate lr is 0 . 015 and the learning rate is decayed by a factor of 0 . 05 every 5 epochs .
we can see that the char - based baseline and the character - based lstm model with character - level input achieve the best performance . the bichar character embeddings improve the performance of the word baseline by about 1 . 5 % in terms of f1 - score . the character cnn model achieves slightly better results than the character baseline . however , the best results are achieved when the character cnn is combined with the bichar embedding . the best overall results are obtained when we combine the character based embedding with the bichar character and the word - level embedding , i . e . , + bichar + softword .
we compare our model with the state - of - the - art results on the conll - 2005 dataset . our model outperforms the previous state of the art by 1 . 5 % in terms of f1 score . we also compare our results with the results reported in yang et al . when using gold segmentation labels , our model achieves 78 . 62 % in precision , 73 . 13 % in recall and 75 . 77 % in f1 . the previous best result is 72 . 98 % of \ newciteyangetal : 2015 : conll which uses character n - gram embeddings . we can see that our character - based lstm and bichar - lstm models outperform the word - based baseline model by about 1 . 4 % and 1 . 6 % respectively . when we use the auto - segmented segments , the performance of our model is slightly worse than that of the model using gold segments . we attribute this to the fact that the amount of training data is small and it is hard for our model to learn a good representation of word boundaries .
the word baseline is our basic character - level ner model . the char baseline is the same as the word baseline except that the character n - grams are replaced by a special unk token . the word + bichar + softword model is our extended character baseline model with bichar lstm embeddings . the lattice model outperforms the character baseline and word baseline by about 1 . 5 % in terms of f1 score . the lattice model also outperforms all the previous state - of - the - art systems .
we can see that the lattice model achieves the best f1 score of 94 . 46 , outperforming the word baseline and the character baseline by 0 . 8 % and 0 . 7 % , respectively . we also observe that the addition of bichar embeddings further improves the performance of the baseline model .
for english – estonian , we use the same settings as for german – english . the bpe baseline is a bpe model trained on the training data of the conll - 2002 shared task . cognate morfessor is a morpheme - based interpolation of the english and estonian bpe models , which is finetuned on the development set . we find that the bpe monolingual baseline is slightly better than the cognate morfessor model , but the overall bleu score is significantly worse . the best results are obtained by increasing the indentation from 1 . 0 to 2 . 0 and by adding / removing a component at a time . we also find that ensembling 5 models , denoted as “ ensemble - of - 5 ” , improves the character - f score by 1 . 5 % over the baseline . the ensembled model is further improved by adding the linked embeddings from the last layer of the 6 - layer encoder .
we observe that the basic and pivot baselines outperform the previous pbsmt and nmt - 0 models by a significant margin . the pivot model outperforms the basic model for all language pairs except for \ fr / english / french , where it is on par with the supervised baseline . the agreement model improves over the basic model for most language pairs , except for the \ es / \ fr pair , in which it is outperformed by the nmt model of sestorain et al . this is likely due to the fact that the agreement model is trained on parallel data only , while the pbsmt model was trained on multilingual training data .
semantic feature ablation we perform an ablation study to understand the importance of the semantic features in our model . we observe that removing all of the node attributes leads to a significant drop in bleu score . the most important features are the nouns , adjectives and adverbs , which account for more than half of the drop in performance .
we see that our baseline pbsmt outperforms sestorain et al . ’ s pbsmt and nmt - 0 by a substantial margin , and is on par with the state - of - the - art dual system dual - 0 , which is trained on parallel data from the iwslt 2018 evaluation campaign . we also compare our approach to the basic approach of \ newcitebapna2018pivot , which builds a pivot - based nmt model on top of the encoder - decoder pipeline of pbsmt . our approach outperforms this baseline by a significant margin , showing that our approach can benefit from pretraining on unlabeled data in a data - driven manner .
we observe that the pivot approach outperforms both the basic and pivot baselines for all language pairs except for \ en \ fr \ en and \ de \ en , where we do not observe any significant difference . the pivot model outperforms the distillation approach for all but one language pair , \ es \ es and \ fr \ en , where the difference is statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) . we also observe that our distillation approach is able to outperform the soft and distill approaches for most language pairs , except for the \ eqns \ en \ de \ fr and \ zh \ en \ zh \ fr , where both approaches are outperformed by the agreement approach .
results on iwslt17 . we observe that our baseline basic outperforms sota and cpg on both the supervised and zero - shot settings , confirming the effectiveness of our approach . the pivot and agree method improves over the basic baseline by 0 . 8 and 0 . 7 bleu points , respectively .
s6ss0sss0px3 results on iwslt17 our final model is a fully supervised model , which is trained on the iwli dataset . on this dataset , we find that the adaptive and pivot strategies significantly outperform the basic strategy , while the agreement strategy performs slightly worse than the pivot strategy .
we can see that our proposed model consistently outperforms the baseline model on all datasets and all language pairs . for example , on europarl , our model improves the bleu score from 37 . 36 ( en → fr ) to 38 . 13 ( en - et ) and from 24 . 65 ( en → en ) to 24 . 74 ( en – de ) . on the other hand , we can see a similar trend on the subtitles dataset , where our model obtains an average improvement of 1 . 65 bleus for en → fr and 1 . 64 for en - de over the base model . we can also see that the improvements are more significant for the translation between languages with different scripts , e . g . , en → ru for en ↔ en and en → en .
our model outperforms the contextual baseline for all language pairs on all test sets , with statistically significant improvements in all cases except for en - fr for the europarl dataset . for the en - et and en - de datasets , the differences are not statistically significant , but for the subtitles dataset we see a statistically significant improvement .
we can see that incorporating context from previous turns improves the baseline model by 1 . 5 bleu points , which indicates that the previous context is helpful for the current task . moreover , the context obtained from the other language is slightly better than the current context , which is consistent with our intuition that the additional context from other languages can help the model to learn better representations for current and previous turns . finally , the model with complete context achieves the best performance , demonstrating the effectiveness of contextualized representations for both languages .
utdsm + gmm consistently outperforms the previous state - of - the - art methods on both the avgsimc and maxsimc datasets . we also observe that the performance of the random initialization of embeddings is comparable to that of the 300 - dimensions embedding , indicating that the learned embedding is not sensitive to the dimensionality of the latent space .
for the wsj test set , we use the same training data as in the previous experiment . for the brown corpus , we add gigaword to the training data provided by brown books , and for the wikipedia corpus we add it as a separate domain match test set . we observe that the bleu scores are higher when using the wiki corpus than when using wsj training data . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that wikipedia is much smaller than the other two domains .
we can see that the performance of lda and global - dsm are much worse than that of the other baselines . this is because these two baselines do not utilize any unlabeled data . maxcd and avgcd perform better than avgd , which is consistent with our observation in the previous section . the performance of avgcd is slightly better than maxcd .
we can see that both avgd and avgcd outperform global - dsm and maxcd in terms of f1 - score and accuracy , which indicates that the paraphrase detection task is more challenging than the sentence classification task . maxcd performs slightly better than avgcd , which may be due to the fact that maxcd has more training samples than avgd .
to evaluate the performance of lof , we randomly select 25 % , 50 % , 50 % and 75 % of classes from snips and atis datasets as known intents and treat them as unlabeled . we can see that lof consistently outperforms doc and doc with different proportion of known intent classes . for example , on atis dataset , when only 25 % of the classes are treated as known intent , the macro - f1 - score of the proposed method is 79 . 2 % , 84 . 1 % and 78 . 8 % compared to 72 . 8 % , 61 . 6 % and 63 . 9 % of doc , respectively . these results indicate that our method is more robust to class imbalance .
we first compare the performance of al with and without truncated average , i . e . when | x | = | y | = 4 . for a wait - 3 system with n = 4 timesteps , the average length of the delay is 2 . 25 , which is less than the typical wait - time of 2 . 5s in the literature . this is because we truncate the average of the lag by setting τ = 2 for the first time , and then by using the same τ for the second and third time .
the bleu scores for evaluating the amr and dmrs generators on an amr test set are shown in table 4 . we observe that the dmrs generator with all attributes performs significantly better than its amr counterpart . the dmrs model with no attributes performs slightly worse than when trained on the original amr , but when trained with all the attributes , it outperforms the vanilla amr by a large margin .
in order to better understand the impact of the complexity of the proposed model , we further evaluate the performance of the model on the multinli dev and mismatched set . the results are shown in the first row of the table , where all the models are trained on the full training set and tested on the mismatched dev and matched set . we can see that the accuracy of the models on the matched set is higher than that of the simple and complex models on both the development and matched sets , which indicates that the models can learn better to reason about complex sentences with the help of the disambiguation method .
meteor is used to evaluate the quality of the translation produced by the memory - to - context model . the results show that our proposed model outperforms all the baseline models in all the settings . in particular , our model improves the bleu - 4 score of fr → en and de → en by 0 . 4 and 0 . 5 points , respectively , when compared with the previous best model nc - 11 . this shows that our model is able to produce more relevant information for the target language with the help of rich semantic information from the memory .
our model outperforms the majority baseline by a large margin on most of the syntactic tasks , with the exception of the somo task , where the difference between the length baseline and our model is not statistically significant . our model also achieves the best performance on somo and coordinv , which are two of the most difficult tasks in semeval - 2018 . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that coordinv and somo are the two most challenging tasks for our model , as they require more complex syntactic knowledge than bshift .
we can see that our model outperforms all the baselines on most of the datasets , with the exception of the mpqa dataset , where the c [ 0 ] model slightly outperforms our model on the subj dataset . on the stsb dataset , our model performs slightly better than the avg and max baselines , but not as good as the c [ 0 ] and c [ 1 ] models . the main reason for this may be the fact that stsb is a small dataset with only a few sentences per sentiment label , which makes it more difficult for the models to capture the correlations between the words in the sentence and the sentiment label .
for the 20 - ng and sst - 5 datasets , our method outperforms the baselines by a large margin . for the r - 8 dataset , we do not observe significant difference between our method and p - means clustering , but note that the difference is not statistically significant . our method performs on par with the best baselines for the 20ng dataset and slightly worse for the sst dataset .
we can see that the accuracy of the pruned cnet is comparable to that of the cnet on the 1 - best and 10 - best batch asr output types . however , the coverage of slots / values is much lower than that of all words . this is because the number of slots and values in the dstc2 development set is much smaller than that in the original asr outputs , which means that it is easier for the asr model to learn to predict the correct slot / value if it had access to the full set of context words .
the results show that weighted pooling and average pooling improve over the 1 - best baseline for all goals and all requests , and that both methods outperform the baseline with a large margin when the score threshold is 0 . 01 . the pruning technique improves the performance for the cnet without pruning , but not for the pruned cnet . this may be due to the fact that the pruning process increases the number of parameters that need to be pruned in order to reach the same level of accuracy .
the results show that training on transcripts + batch asr improves the accuracy of the baseline system by a large margin , from 63 . 6 % to 96 . 8 % when using batches of asr , and from 78 . 3 % to 78 . 2 % with live asr when using both batches and real human - annotated transcripts . this shows that our system is able to make use of the transcripts in order to improve the quality of the asr output .
in order to better understand the impact of sentence splitting , we break each sentence / clauses in our gold standard sentences into sentences and clauses , and evaluate the performance of the model on those sentences after sentence splitting . we find that the model performs best on sentences that are either none or obligation , with the exception of the ban list items , where the model does better on the dev and test sets .
in order to evaluate the impact of each component of our system on the overall performance , we perform an ablation study on the manually aligned news commentary dataset . this dataset contains 1 , 654 sentence pairs for english , japanese and french translations of news articles from the new york times ( nyt ) and bbc ( bbc1 / bbc2 ) . the source sentences are aligned using the sentence alignment method proposed by \ newcitedblp : journals / corr / abs - 1809 - 0686 and the cross - lingual alignments are performed using the bpe - based alignment method of \ newciteluong - etal : 2014 : acl - ijcnlp . we use the development data to evaluate our system and the test data for evaluating the performance .
we evaluate the performance of the classifiers on the held - out test set , which is a subset of the gold - standard training set , in order to better understand their behaviour on the dev set . the classifiers are evaluated on the subset of tweets that contain at least one of the above - mentioned semantic types , namely obligation and obfuscation . the best performance is achieved by the x - bilstm - att classifier , with an f1 - score of 0 . 93 and an auc of 0 . , outperforming the baseline by 0 . 01 and 0 . 07 for bilstm and x - btc respectively . the x - bc classifier outperforms the bilstm classifier in terms of auc , achieving 0 . 99 . the h - bert classifier also performs better than the baseline , obtaining 0 . 98 auc . the results show that the attention - based classifiers outperform the baseline in predicting the presence of any semantic types in the tweets , regardless of whether they are annotated by humans or not .
we can see that when the parallel data involved in the same language pair ( ja ∗ → ja , en → ja ) as the target language pair , the bilingual model achieved the best bleu score ( rows ( b3 ) v . s . ( b2 ) and ( b4 ) ) . when the same parallel data was used in the reverse direction ( ja → en and en → ru ) , bilingual model ( row ( b1 ) ) achieved better results than the baseline model ( rows ( b3 ) , ( b2 ) ) and ( c3 ) ) . the bilingual model that was trained with the same data as the source language was still better than the model trained with pseudo - parallel data . when the data was translated from english to ru ↔ ja , we got the best results when the model was trained and tested on the same source and target language pairs .
results on 1 - shot and 5 - shot classification . we can see that our method outperforms all the baselines in all the settings . in particular , our method improves the performance of bert - pair by a large margin in the 5 - way 1 - shot case , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our method on small - scale datasets . in addition , we can also see that adv - based methods ( proto and proto - adv ) outperform the bert based methods in most settings .
the proto ( cnn ) and proto ( bert ) models are fine - tuned on the 5 - way - 1 - shot classification task . the bert - pair model is pre - trained on the large - scale unlabeled dataset , and the results are evaluated on the small - scale dataset , nota . we can see that the proto models significantly outperform the corresponding proto models in all the settings , which demonstrates the effectiveness of the proto pre - training framework . in addition , we can also see that our proposed method significantly outperforms the bert model , which shows that our method can also benefit from fine - grained classification tasks .
overall , our method outperforms the state - of - the - art methods with respect to all evaluation metrics on all three datasets , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed method . in particular , our model achieves the best performance on the multi - label f1 score ( i . e . , mi - f1 ) on the ontonotes dataset and the best on the wiki / figer dataset with gold data .
we can see that afet outperforms our model on all labels except for “ organization / company ” and “ location ” , where our model achieves a slightly lower f - 1 score . this may be due to the fact that the amount of training data for these labels is much smaller than the ones for other labels , which makes it less likely to overfit .
the best performance is achieved by f1 - neigh with a cosine similarity score of 0 . 15 for the feature is_heavy , 0 . 16 for is_strong , and 0 . 13 for the other features . the best score is obtained for the features is_blightgrey , is_black , and is_electric , with 0 . 21 , 0 . 21 respectively . in general , the best score for each feature is obtained by one of the three f1 classifiers ( i . e . , cosine , f1 − neigh , or f1 - lr ) . the best overall performance is obtained using f1 , with the cosine and the linear combination of f1 and cosine giving the best results .
the bilstm network was trained for 5h 30m epochs using adam with a learning rate of 0 . 001 , with a batch size of 32 . all other networks were trained for 8 hours . for the x - bilstm - att network , we used the same learning rate schedule as in the previous section , but decreased the learning rate by a factor of 10 at epoch 25h 40m and we found that this improved performance was not enough to train for longer than 2h30m . we also compared the performance of h - btlm and x - bertlm when trained for longer epochs , but found that longer training times did not improve performance .
the property ‘ full_is_yellow ’ is the property with the highest f1 - score for all classifiers , and the class ‘ is_black ’ has the lowest . the classifiers trained on the full dataset perform better than the classifier trained on a subset of the property ’ s attributes , e . g . , ‘ has_towards ’ and ‘ found_in_seas ’ . this is due to the fact that the larger the subset of properties , the more difficult it is for the classifiers to distinguish between them .
on the snli dataset , our model outperforms the men baseline by a large margin , outperforming the previous state - of - the - art by a wide margin . on the simverb3500 dataset , the performance of our model is comparable to that of the next best model ( ws353r ) . on the rg65 dataset , we outperform the previous best model by a small margin , but our model still performs competitively .
we can see that our model outperforms the baselines in all the tasks except for the sentence classification task on the mpqa dataset , where it is on par with the best baseline . for the entailment task , our model achieves the best performance on the sicke dataset , which is the only dataset that does not explicitly penalize the word embeddings for relatedness . for sts16 and stsb , which are semantic textual similarity tasks , we outperform the baseline by a large margin .
the rule - based and neural - based systems perform uniformly worse on “ gotchas . ” for female pronouns , bls assigns a slightly higher accuracy when the correct answer is occupation but the occupation is female ( according to bls ) ; this is reversed for male pronouns when they are asked to be “ male ” . for male pronouns , the accuracy is much higher when the occupation and the occupation are the same , but the gender of the person asking the question is female . the same pattern is observed for male and female pronouns in the same sentence .
we can see that our model outperforms all the baselines in terms of all the automatic evaluation metrics . the facts - to - seq w . attention model improves the bleu - 4 and meteor scores of our model by a large margin , which demonstrates the effectiveness of the attention mechanism . the static memory model performs better than the dmn + model , which indicates the importance of the sequential information in our model . however , our model still outperforms the static memory - augmented dmn + . this is because our model is capable of capturing long - term dependencies in the sequence of facts , which is beneficial for generating a coherent and informative summary .
we can see that both advcls and advdat perform significantly worse than the baseline on the test set , indicating that the adversarial examples generated by infersent are indeed harder to classify than those generated by the baseline . this is not surprising , as the model is more likely to classify a sentence as adversarial if it has seen similar patterns in the training data . we can also see that advdat performs significantly worse on the hard split of the dataset , suggesting that the dataset is more difficult than the other two approaches .
we observe that the advdat model with ( 0 . 4 , 1 ) has a significantly higher score than advcls and advdat with ( 1 , 1 ) , which is consistent with our previous analysis . we also observe that advdat has a higher score for “ driving ” , “ nostive ” and “ insensitive ” words .
we can see that our model outperforms the baselines by a large margin , achieving an average improvement of 6 . 3 % over the best baselines ( srilm and skip - gram ) and 6 . 6 % over cbow .
our dataset contains 12 , 985 labeled documents and news clusters from 12 different domains ( e . g . , business and public sector ) . the documents are categorized into three types : document ( d documents ) , news clusters ( l labeled documents or news clusters ; t event types ) , and slots ( s slots ) . the dataset is split into 80 % training , 10 % development and 10 % test set . the development set is used to tune the hyper - parameters of our model , and the test set is only used to evaluate the performance of our method .
in this section , we investigate the effect of the milk ’ s λ , i . e . , the trade - off between the quality of the alignment loss and the diversity of the latent space , on the deen development set . we observe that the best performance is achieved with λ = 0 . 1 , which corresponds to the case where all the training data is in the domain of the training set . this indicates that the choice of the λ balances the balance between the diversity and the preservation of the unlabeled data .
we can see that odee - f outperforms the previous state - of - the - art method dblp : conf / acl / nguyentfb15 by 1 . 8 % in terms of f1 score . we can also see that the performance of clustering is slightly worse than that of odee , which indicates that the clustering - based method is not suitable for this task . the reason is that in our dataset , there are a large number of entity types , which makes it hard for a clustering method to automatically find the optimal set of related entities .
table 5 shows the averaged slot coherence results . we can see that odee - fer outperforms all the other methods , and the improvement is statistically significant ( paired t - test with p - value < 0 . 01 ) .
the lstm - lm and seq2seq methods do not perform as well as the proposed method , which indicates that the sequential generation model is not able to generate high quality and grammatical sentences . our proposed method ed ( 1 ) and ed ( 2 ) outperform the other two methods in terms of meteor , rouge - l , and human preference metrics . the reason is that our proposed method has two decoders , one for each encoder - decoder pair , and the other for each decoder - encoder pair is trained independently . therefore , the encoders in our method are trained jointly with the decoder and decoder .
the table also shows the percentage of n - grams in test abstracts generated by system / human which appeared in training data . it can be seen that the system generates 100 % of the abstracts , while the human generates 78 . 5 % and 42 . 2 % for n = 1 and n = 3 , respectively . this suggests that most of the generated abstracts are not simply copied from the training data , and are in fact substantially different from the original text .
finally , we compare the performance of our method with the state - of - the - art methods in terms of meteor and rouge - l scores . we can see that our method outperforms all the other methods by a large margin . this is because our method is able to capture the semantic meaning of the words and the syntactic structure of the sentences .
the turing test is a standard test for question - answering in which the questioner needs to decide whether a given sentence is either a character or a part of a sentence . for this test , the non - expert class consists of three categories : non - cs , junior , and senior . the nlp expert is a native english speaker , a native speaker of the cs major , and is a senior citizen . for each of these categories , a turing test is performed by reading the passage of the passage and comparing the choice of the sentence that was given as the answer to the question , and comparing it with the ground truth answer . the ceiling performance of the turing test for each category is defined as the percentage of questions for which the correct answer is not in the top - 5 choices of the given sentence . we compare the passing rates of the three categories of turing test questions for different test setups with the same title , and with different choices of sentences per test .
the results show that the visual modality is the most discriminative among the three modalities , and the combination of visual and acoustic modalities achieves the best performance in most cases . this is not surprising , as visual modalities are highly dependent on each other for their discriminability . however , the combination with acoustic modality does not always yield the best results . for example , in the s + p + i scenario , for the vocal modality , there is a significant drop in performance when using visual features , whereas the performance on the other modalities remains the same . overall , we see that the combination modality improves the overall performance of the system across all modalities .
we observe that the performance of all the models is significantly better than the random baseline ( p = 0 . 820 , mae = 1 . 880 ) for s , s + p , and s + i , and significantly better for s + s + p + i ( p < 0 . 001 ) for all the other combinations of s and p . the tfn and tfn - based models perform the best , with the exception of the lf model , which performs the worst .
each model is trained on three different combinations of pmc and pubmed datasets ( pubmedd , pmc , and pubmed ) . the biobert model achieves the best performance when trained on the combined pmc / pubmed + pmc dataset , with 79 . 04 % accuracy on the test set .
we can see that our proposed rcn outperforms all the baselines on most of the topics , which indicates the effectiveness of our rcn . compared with deat , bimpm , and bilstm , rcn improves the average accuracy by 1 . 4 % , 2 . 0 % , and 1 . 6 % on average , respectively .
the lstm + feed - forward model is a simple feed - forward model that concatenates the word embeddings of the first and second hidden states of a bilstm and the last hidden state of a cnn . the model is trained on the training set and tested on the test set . the bert classifier is a bert classifier that takes a subset of the pre - trained bert features as its input and predicts the class label for a paragraph based on the context of the whole paragraph . the best accuracy is achieved by taking the first 128 tokens of each paragraph as the input of the classifier and predicting the label for the rest of the paragraphs based on their context .
we find that the symmetric version of our gw model outperforms the other variants on both datasets when using either left or right orientations of the window . we also find that using a window of size one order of magnitude larger than the average window size across all models results in better performance for both datasets .
we evaluate the impact of cross - sentential contexts by comparing the average performance across all models when using or not using the context . we find that the model without contexts achieves the best performance on simlex999 and analogies , while the model with contexts outperforms the one with contexts on the analogies dataset . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that analogies tend to be more similar to real analogies than to simlex999 , where analogies are constructed based on lexical similarity rather than semantic similarity .
in this section , we investigate the effect of stop words removal on the performance of all models . we remove stop words from the training data by removing the stop word list of words in the training set for both the semantic similarity task ( simlex999 ) and the analogy task ( analogies ) . we observe that removing stop words results in a significant drop in performance across all models , with the exception of the gw model on the analogies dataset .
we observe that the mean pooling method outperforms the sum pooling and last pooling methods by a significant margin . we also observe that max pooling yields slightly better results than sum and last , but not as good as the mean . we believe that this is due to the fact that pooling at the last timestep of the sequence is more stable than at the max and sum .
we further break down the results broken down by genre to see how our best model compares to the state - of - the - art models . we find that our model performs on par with cbow and esim on all genres except for the 9 / 11 genre .
we find that fine - tuning the bert model with pre - trained weights from the glue task dataset improves the performance of the model for all the tasks except for sst - 2 , qqp , and rte . however , the difference in performance is not statistically significant for any of the other datasets . we also find that the performance gap between fine - tune with the distillation loss and without distillation is larger for sts - b and qnli than for the other tasks . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that these two tasks are different from those in glue that require explicit knowledge of word order between sentences .
we also compare our results with some recent points in the literature . chen2018 and wu2016 use character - level bpe and character - based models , respectively . lee2017 and lee2017 use bpe models . our results are tokenized bleu . our method outperforms these two methods by a large margin .
character vs bpe translation . we see that character - based translation performs better than the bpe - based one for all the languages except for csen and fien , where the differences are not statistically significant . we also see that the character - level translation performs slightly better than bpe for enfr , but worse for the other languages . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the amount of training data in these languages is smaller than that of english .
we randomly sampled 100 examples out of 100 randomly sampled examples from the deen test set and manually counted the error types . we find that bpe errors are the most common error types , followed by lexical choice and proper names . char - based errors are less common than bpe error types for lexical choices , which may be due to the fact that character - level models are better at handling lexical information . we also find that proper names and morphology errors are more common for bpe models than for character - based models . dropped content errors are much less common for both models .
we can see that the best compression result is achieved by lee et . al . reimpl , with a bleu score of 28 . 0 . we also compare our results with the ones reported in the literature , which use a 3 - layer hm encoder and a 2 - layer bilstm encoder , which is the current state - of - the - art compression method lee et al . for comparison , we also report the performance of the best results from the literature on this dataset .
we can see that the bert + wiki + puc model achieves the best performance in terms of μp , er , and ef1 , and the proposed method outperforms the baselines in all the metrics by a large margin . in addition , the puc - enhanced bert model outperforms all the other models , including the baseline bert , by a significant margin .
we observe that bert outperforms all the baselines , including the state - of - the - art method by konstantinovskiy et al . we also observe that the combination of bert and wikitext - based embeddings , i . e . , bert + wiki + puc , achieves the best performance , outperforming the previous state of the art by a large margin . finally , we observe that combining bert with wiki and puc further improves the map by a small margin .
in order to further evaluate the performance of the puc model , we compare the relabelling of the top 100 predictions by our model with the original labels in each dataset according to two different annotators . we observe that the f1 score for the wikipedia and twitter datasets is the highest among the three datasets ( 0 . 843 and 0 . 812 , respectively ) . the politics tweet dataset is the only one where the difference in f1 is statistically significant ( p < 0 . 005 ) .
for the stack overflow and standford corenlp datasets , sentistrength outperforms nltk in terms of precision , recall and f1 - measure for both positive and negative classes . on the other hand , for the nsp dataset , the difference is not statistically significant . this is likely due to the small size of the training set and the fact that the datasets are highly imbalanced .
in this section , we show the results of our experiments on word similarity tasks . for each task , we report the p - score and the s - score , averaged over all wordsim , wordsim and semeval17 , and also the avg . score for all the other word similarity datasets . in all the cases , we observe that the cosine similarity model performs the worst , followed by the random vectors and then by the rbf and w - grams . the best results for each task are in bold , and in some cases , the results are statistically significantly better than those of the other models .
in this section , we conduct experiments on the wmt zh - en parallel corpus to verify the effectiveness of the proposed bridging methods . we compare the proposed methods with the vanilla rnnsearch and smt systems . the proposed methods include : ( 1 ) source bridging , where the source and target sentences are substituted with the same source sentence as the target sentence , which is denoted as vanilla ; ( 2 ) direct bridging with the direct bridging method , where both the target and source sentences are replaced by the same target sentence ; and ( 3 ) target bridging which is the method of applying the direct method to the source sentence . we can see that the proposed method achieves the best performance among all the methods , which demonstrates the effectiveness and universality of our proposed methods . besides , the performance of target bridging is slightly worse than that of source bridging in terms of bleu score , which may be caused by the fact that the target sentences in the training data of the target language may not be the same as those in the source language .
the vanilla transformer model achieves 27 . 62 bleu score on the wmt english - german translation task , outperforming the previous state - of - the - art by 0 . 05 . the shared - private model outperforms the vanilla model by a significant margin , improving the bleus from 27 . 79 to 28 . 06 .
the iwslt dataset consists of parallel sentences from 5 different language families and written in 5 different alphabets . the training and test sets are disjoint . we use the publicly available code released by xiao et al . the results show that our proposed method outperforms the baseline by a large margin in terms of both reduscores and bleu scores for all distant language pairs .
in the shared - private setting , we set the sharing coefficient λlm = 0 . 5 for zh - en and λwf = 0 for en - zh - en , which means that the shared parameters of the encoder and decoder are the same for all the encoders and decoders . when λur is set to 0 . 7 , the bleu score on the validation set of the nist chinese - english translation task increases from 41 . 37 to 42 . 27 , which is 1 . 5 points higher than that of the vanilla encoder - decoder model . the shared parameters also increase the embedding size of the decoder - wf model from 30 . 7m to 21 . 0m , which indicates that our shared parameters have a strong effect on the quality of the shared embeddings . however , when we use a small sharing coefficient ( λlm , λwf , λur ) of 0 . 5 , our model can still achieve comparable performance to the vanilla model with the same number of parameters .
the differences between gate and yedda are not statistically significant at the 0 . 01 level according to a t - test . only one participant was able to install and use brat , taking 18 minutes on ubuntu and 22 minutes on a machine with an intel i7 processor and 8mb of ram . the runtime of gate is significantly lower than the runtime of slate , and is comparable to the time it takes to set up and identify verbs on a linux machine .
in order to evaluate the performance of the proposed method on a real - world dataset , we used the penn treebank ( ptb ) corpus [ pennington2014neural ] , which is a collection of short sentences extracted from academic papers . the dataset contains 73 , 220 , 508 , and 1070 sentences for training , development , and test respectively . for each of these datasets , we randomly selected a subset of sentences as the training set and kept the rest as the test set . we used the same parameters for all the methods . the results show that node2vec outperforms syntree2vec and word2vec when the size of training data is small . however , when the training data size is large , the difference is not as large as for the ptb corpus .
the dataset is split into three parts : training set ( 80 % ) , development set ( 10 % ) and test set ( 20 % ) . the training set is used to fine - tune the model and the development set to evaluate the performance on the test set . the model is trained on the entire training set and evaluated on the part of the dev set that contains the answer sentences and long answer passage .
the comp - agg + lm + lc + tl model ( qnli + lc ) is a baseline model that takes the original qnli sentence representation as the input of a multi - label logistic regression ( mlp ) classifier , and then finetunes it with the asnq dataset . we can see that fine - tuning bert - b and roberta - b with the tanda task improves the performance of the original bert model , but the improvement is not as large as the one obtained with the wikiqa task . we conjecture that the reason is that the sentence representations learned by bert are already good enough for the sentence classification task , and that fine tuning the bert language model may not help to further improve the performance . we also observe that the performance is slightly better when we finetune the model with the same training data .
we can see that fine - tuning bert - b and roberta - l on the trec - qa dataset improves the performance of the comp - agg + lm + lc baseline by 0 . 868 and 0 . 928 , respectively . we can also see that the performance improves when we fine - tune the model on the asnq dataset , but the improvement is not as significant as the one on the qnli dataset . we conjecture that the reason is that the size of the training set of the qsquad dataset is much smaller than that of the quora dataset , which makes it more difficult for the model to generalize well .
we can see that fine - tuning the bert - base model with noisy training data results in a significant drop in map and mrr on both datasets . the drop is more significant for the trec - qa dataset , where the mrr drops by 13 . 88 % and the map drops by 22 . 63 % when the noise level is increased from 10 % to 20 % . in the case of the asnq dataset , the drop is only 1 . 90 % in terms of map and 1 . 9 % in mrr . we can also see that the performance of bert degrades significantly when the amount of noise increases . for example , the map on wikiqa drops from 0 . 813 ( without noise ) to 0 . 629 ( 20 % ) with 20 % added noise .
we further investigate the impact of different labels of asnq on fine - tuning bert for answer sentence selection . the model with the best performance on the validation set is chosen to fine - tune on the training set of the wikiqa dataset ( i . e . , neg : 1 , 2 , 3 pos : 4 ) . however , the model with a combination of neg and pos achieves the best results on the trec - qa test set . we conjecture that the reason for this is that the question - answer pairs of a particular label are more similar to each other than the question pairs of other labels .
we also compare the performance of tanda with qnli and asnq on the wikiqa and trec - qa datasets . we use bert - base as the pre - trained bert model and fine - tune it on the same datasets . the results are shown in table 7 . we can see that the performance improvement of tanda is more significant than that of bert . for example , the mean average precision ( map ) and mean reciprocal rank ( mrr ) are improved from 0 . 760 to 0 . 840 and 0 . 898 respectively when fine - tuning bert on the wikipediaqa dataset . similarly , the map and mrr are improved by 0 . 766 and 1 . 0 % respectively when finetuning on the trec dataset .
for bert and xlnet , we report the performance of the base model and the xlnet large model , which are fine - tuned on the training set of the iwslt dataset . we observe that the proposed tanda consistently outperforms the nad baseline and the asnq baseline in terms of all the evaluation metrics for all the three sample sizes . for example , for sample 1 and 2 , the performance improvement is over 10 % for both the base and the large bert models . for sample 3 , we observe similar trends for the bert base and large models , with the large model performing slightly better than the other two . we also observe that for the baseline model , the proposed method significantly outperforms asnsq .
we can see that the inclusion of the bias term generally leads to an improvement in the classification accuracy . for example , the most informative features are dif_too and has_int with an improvement of 0 . 953 and 0 . 872 for ic = 1 and ic = 2 , respectively . the other features that do not lead to an increase in classification accuracy for any of the ics are the bias terms . for instance , the feature that leads to the largest improvement for the ic with the highest number of features is dif_ { hope } .
as expected , cle is slower than eisner ’ s method by a factor of approximately two orders of magnitude . however , the difference in speed between eisner and cle is not statistically significant . this is due to the fact that the sorting bottleneck for cle is the same as the one for eisner , and the difference between the two methods is negligible .
we can see that our approach improves the bleu scores on all treebanks , with the largest improvement on the treebanks with the smallest treebanks ( cs_cac , cs_fictree , en_ewt , es_ancora , et_edt , fa_seraji ) and smallest improvement on those with larger trees ( ca_padt and cs_pdt ) . the only treebank where our approach does not improve over the baseline model is cs_ct with form5 .
we see that the cosine similarity is the most dominant , with 8 . 17 % of the similarities being jw , 7 . 92 % being cos , and 4 . 39 % being the jw ⋅ cos . the average and median over the 28 datasets are 3 . 87 % and 3 . 40 % , respectively . these differences are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) .
the pre - trained word2vec embeddings are then used to initialize the char - cnn model and the w2v model . we can see that the skip - gram model outperforms the other two models with a large margin . fasttext with skip - gram embedding also performs better than the original fasttext .
from the table , we can see that hexaf - ucl performs worse than our model . the reason is that our model is based on bert , which is pre - trained on a large amount of unlabeled data , and is more robust to the noise in the data .
the fever dataset contains a total of 145449 claims from the fever training , development , and test sets . the claims in the test set are converted to questions and the accuracy is 88 . 63 % with a median of 27359 questions per claim ( 3 per claim ) . we observe that 90 . 73 % of these claims are converted into questions and 88 . 75 % of them are correctly converted to the correct answer by our system .
the fever dataset was used to evaluate the question generation system . the system was trained on the fever training set , the development set and the test set , and evaluated on the original fever test set . the model achieved 81 . 52 % and 88 . 05 % label accuracy on the training set and development set , respectively . the test set achieved 87 . 04 % accuracy with ϕ = 0 . 67 . from the table , we can see that the model achieved the best performance on the testing set , which indicates that the system was able to answer the question correctly .
in the transductive scenario , the sota model achieves 72 . 1 % in terms of f1 score , while bert achieves 71 . 4 % and bert_wikirand achieves 58 . 2 % and 57 . 5 % respectively . in the adversarial scenario , bert achieves 68 . 8 % and 63 . 3 % for f1 and fm1 respectively . we can see that our models outperform sota by a large margin in all the metrics . in addition , we can also see that wikicrem achieves the best performance in the dpr , wsc , and wnli metrics , while sota is the best in the wsc metric .
in this experiment , we compare the performance of the proposed method with the non - pretrained and the pretrained embeddings . we randomly select 350 authors from the total of 14 authors in the conll - 2009 dataset . the authors that did not use any form of pre - training were not considered for this comparison . for each author , we randomly choose a subset of their samples to train the embedding and test the model on . the results show that the proposed approach outperforms the non pretrained method by a large margin . this shows that the use of a pre - trained word embedding can improve the performance significantly .
the exact baseline is the same as in the xnli experiments , except that it is trained on the full training set rather than just the development set . the trans and exact baselines perform similarly , with the exact baseline having slightly higher bleu scores than the trans baseline . the encode model outperforms both the exact and trans baselines by a substantial margin , with an average improvement of . 15 and . 15 , respectively .
we observe that pbel significantly outperforms all the other methods , including the transvised and unsupervised baselines . the encode method performs slightly better than the trans - supervised method , but is still far behind pbel . this shows that the use of unlabeled data is crucial for entity linking .
we can see that using graphemes is slightly better than using phonemes or articulatory features for entity linking , with the exception of gujarati - english where the former slightly outperforms the latter . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that gujarati is an agglutinative language , and therefore it is easier for the model to learn representations that generalize better to unseen entities .
the proportion of correctly answered questions is defined as the proportion of questions for which the model predicts the answer that is not supported by the scenario . from the table , we can see that ir , pmi , esim , diin , and bertnli all perform better than ir and pmi when they do not consider the scenario information . the performance of bert with scenario information is slightly better than that without scenario information , which indicates that bert is able to utilize scenario information to improve its ability to predict the answer .
we compare the performance of our method with the state - of - the - art caption retrieval results on the coc coc and dsve baselines . our method with bv and w2v embeddings outperforms all the baselines by a large margin , and our reimplementation of vse achieves the best performance among all the methods . this shows that the visual features learned by our method are more discriminative than those learned by vse . we also observe that using the concatenation of all the language pairs leads to the best results .
we compare the performance of our method with the state - of - the - art results on the dataset . we report the mean recall @ k ( r @ k = k ∈ { 1 , 5 , 10 } ) on the test set . our method with bv and w2v embeddings outperforms the dsve embedding by a large margin . we also compare the results with fasttext fasttext the results show that our method outperforms fasttext by a significant margin in all cases .
image recall @ 10 ( imr @ 10 ) is the percentage of images for which the correct answer was in the top 10 retrieved images . we can see that the multi30k dataset is more challenging than flickr30k , where the number of possible candidate images per description is much smaller than that of other datasets . we also observe that the model trained on all the languages achieves the best performance , outperforming the models trained on only one language by a large margin .
the multi30k dataset contains 30 , 000 images in three languages : english ( en ) , french ( fr ) and german ( de ) extracted from multi30k dataset . the first row shows the performance of our model when trained with different language pairs , i . e . , en = fr , en = de and en = en + fr . the second and third rows show the performance when we train our model with different languages and use bv embeddings . the fourth and fifth rows are the results when we use different languages for training and the sixth and seventh rows are our results when using the same language for both training and inference . we can see that using different languages to train the embedding model improves the performance significantly . however , the improvement is not as large as the one in the previous experiment . this is probably because the multi - lingual dataset is too small to train a good embedding space for a single language . in future work , we will try to train embedding spaces for different languages in a more suitable manner .
the non - expert human performance results for a randomly - selected validator per question are shown in tab . we observe that droberta slightly outperforms dbidaf and dbert in terms of both em and f1 , but the difference is not statistically significant .
we further investigate the impact of the two types of latent representations by adding them to our model . we observe that both latent representations ( m1 - latent and m1 - shallow ) improve over the pg baseline in terms of f1 and recall , and that the latent representations from m1 and m2 are complementary to each other . in particular , we observe that the addition of the m2 latent representations leads to an increase in recall and precision for both rouge - 1 and - l .
the baseline is a simple convolutional neural network with glove embeddings , which we use for our task . we see that both m1 - latent and m2 - shallow improve over the baseline , with m1 slightly better for mae and m1 better for mape . the best results are achieved by the bi - lstm model with latent features , followed by m1 with shallow features , both of which outperform the baseline .
we can see that the bertsdv model with k = 1 achieves the best results on all the three datasets . the best results are achieved when k = 3 on imdb and news , and k = 4 on ag ’ s and snli . on the other hand , the best result is achieved by k = 5 on the news dataset , which is not surprising since the dataset is the most imbalanced in terms of the number of positive and negative examples per class .
we compare bertvote with bertbase and ulmfit , which are the previous state - of - the - art models . we use the same hyperparameter settings as in the original bert paper devlin et al . we set the number of attention heads to k = 4 for all the tasks , since it gives the best performance on most of the datasets . we can see that our model consistently outperforms the bert baseline on all the datasets , which shows the effectiveness of our model on text classification .
we fine - tune the bert - large model ( bert - l ) on the imdb and ag ’ s news datasets , and evaluate the performance on the snli and imdb test sets . we use the same hyperparameters as in the original bert paper . we can see that the proposed lda fine - tuning method achieves a 6 . 59 % and 7 . 02 % relative improvement on the test error rate on the two datasets , compared to the previous state - of - the - art multi - task learning method mt - dnn .
our transdg model outperforms all the baseline models on the overall perplexity , and achieves the best performance on medium , low and out - of - vocabulary words ( oov ) rates .
overall , transdg outperforms the other models with an overall score of 1 . 207 , 1 . 195 , and 1 . 182 , indicating that our model generates more diverse and grammatical responses with higher consistency with human judgments . in particular , our model achieves the best performance on medium - high , medium - low , and out - of - vocabulary ( oov ) categories , which demonstrates its ability to generate more diverse responses .
automatic evaluation . we use bleu papineni et al . we compare our model with the following baselines : seq2seq , memnet , copynet , ccm , postks , and transdg . copynet and postks are the three variants of our model . it can be seen that our model outperforms all the baselines in all the automatic evaluation metrics , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our method .
the human evaluation results are shown in table 5 . the transdg model outperforms all the other models in terms of all three aspects , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our model in generating diversified and informative responses .
to show the effectiveness of each component of transdg , we conduct ablation study on the test set . we first remove qrt , kst and qrt + kst , and then remove rga and ssd , respectively . we can see that the perplexity drops dramatically when qrt and kst are removed , which indicates that the two modules are complementary to each other . besides , the entity score also drops a lot when rga is removed . this is because rga can help the model to generate more diverse and grammatical responses , which leads to a higher entity score . then we replace qrt with kst , which also leads to an entity score drop , which suggests that qrt is helpful to generate diverse responses .
in this section , we compare our proposed methods with the previous state - of - the - art methods on the conll - 2005 dataset . we can see that our proposed method outperforms all the previous methods in most of the categories . for example , our method improves the average accuracy from 80 . 6 % to 82 . 2 % on the pubmed dataset , which is an absolute improvement of 1 . 0 % .
we also show the scores of the greedy search and the results of the beam search with b = 10 . we observe that la search is more directly comparable to greedy search because of their same beam size . we also observe that the look - ahead improves over greedy search by a small amount when using 5 latent variables .
the average number of words per question and answer for dsquad , dbidaf , dbert , and droberta are 9 . 3 , 9 . 8 , and 10 . 0 , respectively . the average n - gram overlap between passage and question is 2 . 2 for dblp : journals / corr / abs - 1909 - 00686 , and 2 . 1 for droroberta . the answer length of questions and answers are on the same order of magnitude for all models , and the average length of the answer is slightly longer than that of the passage . however , the difference is not statistically significant . the difference in the number of tokens in the answer and passage is smaller than for the question , which may be due to the fact that the passages in the questions are longer than those in the passages .
however , either the la module or the beam search method harm the model when the length of the target sentences is longer than 25 words . the greedy search strategy outperforms the greedy search when the target length is short , but the bleu score drops significantly when the sentence length is greater than 25 . the results show that the look - ahead module is able to improve the performance of the lstm model on the entire testing set with different la steps . however , the model is not able to do so on the long sentences .
we apply the la module to the transformer model trained on the wmt14 dataset . we use greedy search and beam search with b = 10 to find the best hyperparameters . we find that applying 2 - la improves the bleu score by 0 . 06 over greedy search , but this improvement plateaus at 5 la time steps . we hypothesize one of the reasons for these results is caused by the eos problem . when the la time step increases from 2 to 5 , we observe that the model starts to overfit and performance starts to drop .
we find the auxiliary eos loss is more effective when the model is trained with the greedy search strategy . the model is more robust when the auxiliary loss is incorporated into the training state . we can see that the model trained with γ = 1 . 0 obtains 27 . 50 bleu score , which is better than the best performing model using γ = 0 . 0 .
for wmt ’ 14 en - de and en - fr , the proposed local joint self - attention model achieves 29 . 7 and 43 . 3 bleu scores , respectively , which outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by 0 . 8 and 0 . 5 bleus , respectively . for iwslt - 14 de - en , our model also achieves the best performance on all the three datasets , outperforming the previous best result by 1 . 0 and 1 . 1 , respectively ( 29 . 7 v . s . 28 . 4 and 34 . 4 for wmt and en - fr , respectively ) .
our proposed method outperforms the state - of - the - art by 80 . 7 % in line and 96 . 11 % in pixel - level error . the closest competitor is the method of wavelength * ( tight polygons ) [ simistira2017icdar2017 ] , which is based on spectral segmentation at pixel level followed by a post - processing step to detect long - distance text - lines .
moreover , an algorithm which is not designed to take advantage of this pre - processing step will not benefit from it . our proposed text - line extraction method is superior to the state - of - the - art even if both methods run on the same perfect input . this is because the ground truth segmentation at pixel - level is not available for the proposed method .
for the image - sentence retrieval task , we report the mean recall , mean f1 score , and the standard deviation of bleu - 4 and cider scores . for the phrase - grounding task , our method outperforms all the baselines on both flickr30k and mscoco datasets . our method also achieves the best performance on the vqa dataset , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our method on the challenging task of phrase - level semantic textual entailment .
for flickr30k , we report the mean recall , mean accuracy , and the average of bleu - 4 and cider scores , along with the per - word accuracy for referit and didemo . for mscoco and vqa , we also report per - sentence accuracy , as well as the mean per - cubic accuracy for the entities and text - to - clip datasets . we observe that our model consistently outperforms all the baselines across all the tasks and datasets . for the phrase - grounding task , our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by a large margin , achieving a mean recall of 79 . 2 % and an accuracy of 70 . 51 % , which is a significant improvement over the previous best result by \ newcitedblp : journals / corr / abs - 1909 - 00686 . we also observe that the performance of our model on the image - captioning task is comparable to that of the current state of the art for both datasets .
for the image - sentence retrieval task , we report the mean recall , mean cider score , and the average of bleu - 4 , meteor , and accuracy . we also report the average score of the phrase - grounding and image - captioning metrics on the test set to evaluate the overall performance . we can see that our model with multi - task pretraining significantly outperforms the baselines on all the three tasks , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our model in learning a common representation across multiple tasks .
effectiveness of multi - task pretraining . we observe that with the help of multi - task pretraining , the image - sentence retrieval , phrase grounding , and captioning tasks are improved , while the text - to - clip task remains the same . we conjecture that the reason is that the image captioning task is more challenging than the phrase grounding task as it requires the model to learn to retrieve words that are semantically related to the image content , which is harder to be learned by a single task model .
s4ss3sss0px2 consistency of the adversarial effect . to better understand the consistency of our findings , we perform an additional experiment where we retrain the models on the development set but evaluate them on the held - out test set . we see that for both the bidaf and the bert model , the difference in performance between the development and test sets is very small . this indicates that the model does not rely on external knowledge to improve its robustness to adversarial attacks . for the roberta model , however , we see a substantial drop in the performance when retraining on dbert - test .
the results show that cmaml − performs the best in terms of perplexity , c score , bleu , distinct - 1 , and diff score , but suffers from the largest difference in δ score , which is defined as the absolute difference between the best and second - best performing model . the other baselines , i . e . , seq2seq , paml and ataml , also suffer from a large difference in the δ score . this is due to the fact that these baselines do not consider the temporal dependencies among words in the responses , which leads to a large discrepancy between the generated responses and the ground - truth responses . in contrast , our proposed method performs significantly better than all the baselines in all the evaluation metrics . the results also show that our method outperforms the baseline models in all evaluation metrics , which indicates that our model can generate more diverse responses .
in this section , we investigate the effect of the amount of training data on the model ’ s performance . we train the model on the dsquad dataset with 10k training samples and evaluate it on the 10k test samples of the same dataset . the results show that the model trained on the full training set ( 40 . 6m ) outperforms the baseline in terms of em and f1 score by a large margin . the same trend can also be observed on the dbert and droberta models . this indicates that the size of the training data used in our experiments is sufficient for the model to generalize well on the test set .
we find that the model trained on websplit 1 . 0 performs slightly better on the wikisplit test set than on the websplit development set . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that wikisplit is more similar to websplit than it is to the splithalf dataset , and thus the model is less forced to rely on the split - and - rephrase strategy .
for each model , we randomly sampled 50 sentences from the websplit 1 . 0 validation set and manually classified them into four categories : unsupported , missing , repeated , and correct . unsurprisingly , the wikisplit model performs better than the ag18 model in terms of the unsupported category , indicating that it is able to generalize better to unseen sentences . in the missing category , websplit outperforms ag18 by a large margin ( 32 % ) and wikisplit by a small margin ( 91 % ) . the correct category is the category in which both models predicted the same answer , i . e . , the answer is missing , repeating , or both .
ag18 is the previous state - of - the - art model by aharoni : 2018 , which used the full websplit training set , but we downsampled it to match the size of the training set of the websplit dataset . we see that the split - half setting does slightly better than the full training set on all three metrics , with the largest gains coming from the sentence - level bleu . we also see that using the wikisplit split only slightly hurts performance compared to using both splits , suggesting that there is some benefit to fine - tuning on more complex sentences .
next , we evaluate the quality of our local embeddings when used in combination with our embdi approach . for each of the four datasets , we report the mean micro - averaged f1 - scores over the 10 runs , averaged over all the embedding types . the best results are highlighted in bold . overall , we see that our embedding with embdi outperforms the baseline in all cases , with the exception of the movie embedding , where the meta - embedding with no walks performs slightly better .
next , we evaluate the quality of the embeddings obtained from the seepp , seepl , and embdi classifiers . the quality is measured by precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) and f - measure ( f ) , where the latter is defined as the harmonic mean of precision and recall . the best results are highlighted in bold . we can see that our classifiers outperform the baseline in all cases .
we can see that deeperp and deeperl outperform all the unsupervised baselines on the movie and refs datasets , and perform comparably to embdi on the refl dataset . for the refs dataset , the difference in f - measure is smaller than for the movie dataset , which we believe is due to the fact that refs is a smaller dataset with fewer training examples .
the results show that adding dsquad training data to the pre - training dataset results in a significant boost in the performance of all the models . the bidaf model , on the other hand , does not perform as well as dbert and droberta . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the dataset is too small for training a large - scale language model that is as good as or better than a small - scale one .
we randomly sampled a random sample of 1000 sentences from the test set of the semeval evaluators . for both the complex and minwikisplit datasets , ldsc and samsaabl outperform the other two methods in terms of both # t / s and % same . however , for the complex dataset , the ratio of same is only 1 . 18 % and 3 . 84 % for the ldsc method and the samsa method , respectively . this indicates that there is still a significant room for improvement in the quality of the sentences produced by the different methods .
we randomly sampled a random sample of 300 sentences from minwikisplit and asked annotators to evaluate the quality of these sentences based on grammaticality , meaning preservation , and structural simplicity . for each sentence , the annotators were asked to score it on a scale from 1 ( very bad ) to 5 ( very good ) based on the following criteria : grammaticality : the sentence is grammatically correct ; meaning preservation : the meaning is preserved ; structural simplicity : the structural structure is preserved .
our dataset contains 13 , 000 annotated tweets , each annotated with one of the five different aspects of hate speech ( harassment , offensive , hateful speech , etc . ) from the tweetscoco dataset of golbeck et al . our dataset is the only publicly available dataset that annotates all the five aspects . the other three datasets are collected by davidsonwmw17 , golbeck2017 and fountadclbsvsk18 . for our dataset , we use the same annotation process as they do . the annotation process is the same as the ones used in the previous datasets , except that we are not limited to annotators who have performed the same amount of annotations . we use the official annotation guidelines provided by the task ’ s organizers .
pointwise and pairwise ranknet with hnm achieve competitive performance compared to the state - of - the - art models . pointwise + threshold achieves the best f1 score among all the compared models . pairwise hingenet + hnm outperforms the pointwise baseline by 0 . 8 % in recall @ 5 and 0 . 7 % in f1 . the performance of pointwise hinge net is slightly worse than that of pairwise ranknet .
we can see that stsl and mtsl outperform lr and majority baseline significantly for all the three languages , which is consistent with our findings in the previous experiment . stsl performs the best for macro - f1 score for english and macro for fr and ar languages , while it performs the worst for the rest of the languages . this may be due to the fact that the average number of directness scores for the ar language is higher than that for the en and fr languages . however , stsl outperforms the majority baseline for the average score for the other languages .
we can see that our proposed method outperforms all baselines across all the three languages in terms of both macro - f1 and micro - f1 . for the en and ar datasets , our method achieves the best results in all the cases . the results for the en dataset are not as good as for the ar dataset , but our method is still able to outperform the majority baseline by a large margin . we can also see that stsl , mtsl , and stml perform worse than our method in most cases .
our multilingual bert model outperforms the baseline model in terms of exact match and f1 - score for both languages . we also measure the average overlap between the prediction and ground - truth answer by f1 score , which measures the percentage of predictions that exactly match the ground truth location of the answer . we observe that our multilingual model achieves higher f1 and em scores than the baseline in both languages , indicating that our model is better at locating the correct answer when making predictions .
for each question , the best exact match and f1 - score is shown in bold , among the datasets where they occur . for the context questions , we see that the multilingual bert performs better than the english model for all the languages except for japanese , where it is the worst . for english questions , the difference is less pronounced , but still considerable . for japanese , the gap is even larger .
the best fever score of 71 . 38 % is achieved by combining bert with ukp - athene [ athene ] and the pointwise embeddings obtained by fine - tuning bert large [ bert ] on the conll - 2012 dataset . when we fine - tune bert on the same dataset , the fever scores of bert & bert ( large ) are 71 . 42 % and 72 . 42 % , respectively , which are higher than the previous state - of - the - art results . we also observe that when we combine bert and ukp with the original bert , we obtain 71 . 70 % and 71 . 72 % in terms of fever score and label accuracy , respectively . this is a significant improvement over the previous best result , i . e . , 71 . 74 % from the point - wise embedding model [ unc ] .
we observe that the best results are obtained for the mt and mt + nlg models with the multi - track combination of parallel and parallel data , where we have access to parallel sentences from both sides of the parallel corpus . interestingly , we observe that adding parallel data to the mt model leads to a small but consistent improvement in terms of document - level bleu in all cases . the best results for the nlg model are obtained with parallel data from english and german , while the best performance for mt is obtained with the combined data from all three languages .
we submitted a 4 - player model to the rotowire nlg challenge and achieved a bleu score of 22 . 2 on the official test set . our submission outperforms the current state - of - the - art by a significant margin of 3 . 8 bleus .
we perform an ablation study by starting from a 3 best player baseline ( the submitted nlg model has 4 players ) . we find that removing the player or the position of the player improves bleu by a small amount , but removing the team - level sums results in a substantial drop in performance . removing the week day and / or the player position results in worse performance than removing the next game , but not the player . we also find that shuffling the positions of the players is slightly better than using all player positions , but the overall performance is substantially worse .
we observe that transfer via multilingual embeddings from medium ( 3 . 2k sentences , 51k tokens ) or large ( 14k sentences / 203k tokens , 14k sentences per language ) source data is effective in all low - resource settings , with the exception of finetune fine - tuning on the 5k and 10k labeled danish sentences . this is consistent with the findings of \ newciteluong - etal : 2019 : acl - ijcnlp , where transfer from medium - resource to large - resource is effective for both zero - shot and fine - tune on the target language .
the bilstm parser outperforms both the majority baseline and the polyglot parser by a significant margin . the difference between the two parsers is smaller for the per category , but the difference is statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) .
for inspec , krapivin , nus and semeval , the best f1 - measure is achieved by the catseqcorr model . on the other hand , on the kp20k dataset , the catseqd model achieves f1 @ 5 score of 0 . 264 , 0 . 271 , 0271 and 0 . 269 , respectively . the results are consistent with our previous findings on the inspec dataset .
for both present and absent splits , the best performing model is the catseqd model with an mae of 2 . 087 for the present split and 3 . 666 for the absent split . the best performing method for present split is the proposed catsezed - 2rf1 , with the best performance on present split achieved by the proposed two - stage model . for absent split , the performance of the proposed models is similar to that of the oracle split . for both splits , we can see that the performance gap between the two best performing models is smaller for the two stage models compared to the best single stage model .
we perform an ablation study on the kp20k dataset to evaluate the contribution of the two separate rf1 reward signals in our full approach . specifically , we replace the adaptive reward function with an f1 reward function , and the catseq - 2f1 model with the same two separate reward functions . we can see that both the present and absent keyphrases are benefited from the use of a more expressive reward function . however , the present keyphrase extractor is more sensitive to the change in the reward signal .
for the present split , the best performing model is catseqcorr - 2rf1 , with an f1 @ m score of 0 . 382 for present and 0 . 390 for absent . for the new split , we see that the performance of all the models is similar , with the exception of the absent class , where the gap between the best and worst performing models is larger .
our model outperforms the baseline in terms of bleu and distinct - 1 / 2 / distinct - 2 measures , but underperforms on average length and stopword count . we also observe that the adversarial success rate of our model is significantly higher than that of the baseline , indicating that our model generates more diverse and end - to - end responses . in addition , we observe that ar + mmi + rl outperforms ar and nonar by a large margin , indicating the effectiveness of the mmi objective .
we can see that the content richness score of the generated responses is significantly higher than that of the ground - truth responses in all cases , which indicates that the responses generated by our model are more relevant to the context than those generated by the ground truth responses in terms of content richness .
we can see that our proposed nonar + mmi method outperforms the baseline nat by 1 . 48 , 1 . 22 , and 0 . 57 bleu points en → de , de → en , and ro → en on wmt14 en ↔ de and wmt16 en → en datasets , respectively . compared with the nat baseline , inat and flowseq - large , our method achieves better performance on all datasets , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our nonar framework .
the compounds dataset contains a total of 32 , 246 nominal compounds , which we refer to as the german compounds dataset . we found that transweight consistently outperformed the other weighting methods on all three metrics on this dataset . the model with the best performance on q1 and q2 was transweight with tn2 + n , using t = 100 transformations , word representations with n = 200 dimensions , and a dropout rate of 0 . 1 .
the first observation is that , for both languages , the cosine similarity model performs better than the bilstm in all cases , except for the nominal compounds in the english case . this is expected , as the compositional model is trained on a much larger training set , and hence is better able to generalise to new words that are not seen during training . the second observation is not as surprising as in the nominal compound case , but still encouraging , as we can see that the performance of the bilm degrades significantly as the number of nominal compounds increases . the fact that the bibert model is able to deal with nominal compounds almost as well as the baseline is surprising , as it was not trained specifically for these cases .
the results show that ent - dep0 , ent - sent , and ent - dym all outperform ent - only by a large margin for both the cnn and bilstm classifiers . for the cnn classifier , the best f1 - score is achieved with the combination of all three types of annotations ( + 1 . 3 % f1 for cnn , + 0 . 8 % for lstm ) , while for the bigru classifier ( + 0 . 7 % for cnn and + 1 . 6 % for bilstm ) , the best results are achieved with only one type of annotation ( + 2 . 0 % for both classifiers , + 2 . 1 % for the cnn , and + 2 % for all classifiers + 1 . 0 % ) .
the sota results are from madabushi et al . the mrr and map of bertbase with epoch = 5 are better than that of sota on semevalcqa and yahooqa datasets , but they are slightly worse than those of the sota model with epochs = 3 and 4 . we can see that bert with different epochs can achieve different performance on different datasets . when we increase the training epoch to 5 , bert can achieve the best performance on all datasets , which shows that the bert model with more training steps can achieve better performance .
the results show that ent - dep0 and ent - sent outperform ent - only by a large margin for both the cnn and bilstm classifiers . the gain from combining the two types of annotations is more significant for the cnn classifier , which is probably due to the fact that it benefits more from the supervision of domain - specific domain knowledge . on the other hand , the gains from combining ent - dym with ent - only are smaller than those from combining both types of annotated data , which may be because the amount of training data in our dataset is small .
in the opiec dataset , there is a significant difference in the amount of triples with semantic annotations between the two versions , with the linked version having a higher percentage of semantic annotations ( 49 % ) than the baseline ( 58 % ) . however , the difference is not statistically significant in most of the categories , except for space , time , and positive polarity . in the linked version , we see that the semantic annotation percentage is higher in the presence of semantic labels ( 58 % ) than in the absence of any labels ( 0 % ) .
s4ss3sss0px1 co - occurrence of semantic types . we begin by analyzing the co - occurrences of the most frequent semantic types in the training data . for example , for the question “ location ” , the most common type is “ near ” ( 43 , 842 occurrences ) , while the second most frequent type is the synonym “ associatedmusicalartist ” with 6 , 273 ( 6 , 273 ) . for the more common type “ be , ” the number of occurrences is 3 , 600 ( 3 , 600 ) . for each of the above types , we also extracted the nearest neighbors based on the cosine similarity between the embeddings of the associatedmusicalmusicalids and the corresponding location entities . for each type , we extracted the top 100 most common semantic types for each of these entities . we observe that the semantic types associated with musical artist names are much more frequent than those associated with artist and artist - song names , with the exception of the synonyms “ mr ” and “ georhythmia ” that have the least number of instances .
we compare pafibert with several state - of - the - art systems on the framenet 1 . 5 and 1 . 7 datasets . our method outperforms the previous best method by a significant margin on the ambiguous test set , showing that it is able to better deal with the ambiguities in the dataset .
bertbase and bertlarge are fine - tuned on the same training set of five datasets . the number of training epochs is set as 3 . we can see that the mrr and map values are improved on most of the datasets . in particular , the large dataset ( semevalcqa - 17 ) has the highest mrr value , which is 0 . 958 , while the small dataset ( yahooqa ) has a higher map value of 0 . 810 .
the hyperparameter tuning process is as follows . first , we perform a default search to determine the hyperparameters of the model on the training dataset . then we perform manual search to find the best set of parameters to tune on the validation dataset . finally , we tune these parameters on the test dataset using a random search . the results show that manual search achieves the best performance on the ddi dataset , but it does not perform as well on the i2b2 dataset . the reason is that the dataset is more balanced with respect to the class distribution , and manual search tends to favor the majority class . on the other hand , the performance of random search is worse than that of manual search . this is because random search does not take into account the distribution of the labels in the training set , which may lead to a biased classification towards majority classes .
preprocessed datasets . the entity - blinding preprocessed dataset improves the performance of the classifier on the ddi and i2b2 datasets . however , it does not improve the performance on the semeval dataset . we hypothesize that this is due to the small size of the preprocess dataset that is not sufficient for the model to generalize to unseen entities . in addition , we observe that the performance degrades as the dataset is reduced to the original dataset .
the results show that the bert - tokens model significantly outperforms the crcnn model on the ddi and i2b2 datasets in all cases . on the other hand , the results on the i2f2 dataset are slightly worse than the results obtained with the original crcnn . the reason may be that the dataset is too small to provide enough training data for the model to generalize well to unseen classes .
we observe that α - entmax leads to the best results for all the datasets and all the activation functions , and that the 1 . 5 - entmax performs slightly better than the softmax for most of the datasets .
we observe that the embeddings obtained from cc outperform arxiv for both subtask 1 . 1 and 1 . 2 . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the cc dataset is more similar to the corpus used for pre - training the c - lstm model , which is used for fine - tuning on both subtasks .
our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art methods on all the four datasets by a large margin . for referit dataset , our model achieves the best performance on the validation set and the test set . for g - ref dataset , we also achieve a significant improvement over the previous best result .
we can see that cross - modal self - attention achieves the best performance , outperforming all the other attention methods by a significant margin . we also find that pixel attention and word - pixel pair attention perform slightly better than word attention , but the difference is not statistically significant .
cmsa - w outperforms rmi - lstm and rrn - cnn by a large margin in terms of prec @ 0 . 5 , 0 . 6 , and 0 . 7 precision , and the improvement is statistically significant at the 0 . 05 level . the performance of cmsa + ppm is slightly better than cmsa , but it is still worse than our proposed cmsa . cmsa with ppm outperforms the previous state - of - the - art method by a significant margin of 2 . 61 % on the iou score . we can see that cmsa outperforms all the previous methods by a wide margin . the best performance is achieved when cmsa is equipped with both ppm and the deconvolutional features ( cmsa + deconv ) . we can also see that the performance of our model is slightly worse than that of the best previous method when using only the convolutional lstm as the feature extractor . this may be due to the fact that the lstms are not good at capturing the temporal dependencies among frames in the video , which makes it hard for the network to extract useful features for visual segmentation .
to evaluate the performance of the proposed system , we use the following two metrics : ( 1 ) the disp . , which measures the degree of gender discrepancy between the generated text and the reference text , and ( 2 ) the gen . , which is the ratio of the generations generated by the algorithm to the real texts in terms of the generation ratio . the results show that the proposed algorithm is able to achieve the highest values of both metrics . in particular , the disp . metric has a value of 0 . 94 , which means that the synthetic text generated by our system is more gender - balanced than that of the real text . in addition , the gen . metric also shows that our system has a higher gen . ratio compared with the other two metrics .
our model outperforms all the previous state - of - the - art systems on both datasets . we also achieve the highest human agreement score of 84 . 0 % on swda and 91 . 1 % on mrda , both of which are higher than the human agreement scores reported in previous studies .
we can see that our method outperforms one2one and random baselines on all the four datasets in terms of f1 @ 5 and the average f1 - score . for inspec , krapivin , nus and semeval , our method achieves the best performance among all the baselines . for the inspec dataset , the performance of our method is slightly worse than one 2one , but it is still better than the random baseline . for all the other datasets , the proposed method is either the best or close to the second best .
for both the basernn and the bigrnn models , the best performance is achieved by the length - based baseline . for the transformer model , the no - sort model achieves the best f @ 5 and f @ 10 scores for the 13m and the 37m and 80m parameter settings respectively .
the proposed elmo - lstm - crf - hb outperforms the other models in all the tasks . the reason for the improvement is that the proposed model is able to better capture the sequential dependencies in the data . for example , in the drug – disease task , the hb model achieves an improvement of 2 . 3 % in terms of f1 score compared to the rand model . this is because the drug - disease relationship is more closely related to the diagnosis and prescription than the other relations .
the overall f1 score for diagnosis detection increases from 95 . 3 % to 86 . 1 % for diagnosis labels and from 84 . 7 % to 95 . 8 % for prescription reasons . the f1 scores for drug – disease relations increase from 80 . 4 % to 82 . 7 and from 5 . 6 % to 8 . 6 % . the reason increases from 64 . 7 for reason to 85 . 4 for diagnosis label and from 3 . 6 for prescription reason to 4 . 4 % . the overall trend is similar for all the labels . the reason improvement is smaller for the diagnosis label than for the prescription reason label . we believe this is because the diagnoses and prescriptions in our dataset are often accompanied by a large number of “ non - specific ” reasons ( e . g . , “ not my diagnosis ” , “ discontinued ” and “ ruled - out ” ) , which makes it hard for the model to infer the correct reason for each of them .
datasets . the friends and emotionpush datasets are versions of karpathy and lapata ’ s ( karpathy et al . , 2018 ) curated dialog datasets . the dataset contains 4 , 000 conversations between 8 , 000 randomly selected friends and 58 , 012 conversations between 5 , 012 randomly selected subjects from the friends training and test sets . the labels are chosen based on the percentage of positive and negative labels in the training set . for the friends dataset , we randomly select 240 / 3296 / 3536 utterances from the training and validation sets for training and the rest for testing . the label distribution is similar to that in the original dataset , except for the out - of - domain data , which is skewed towards positive labels . for example , in the test set of friends , we observe that more than 60 % of the utterances in the dataset are labeled as “ joy ” , and more than 20 % are labeled with “ sadness ” and less than 5 % with anger . on the other hand , the label distribution of the emotion push dataset is skewed toward neutral and anger .
we extracted 173 pairs from snips dataset and 84 pairs from hotelqa dataset for the essentia and the fsa baselines , respectively . the number of extracted pairs and the number of valid pairs for each dataset are shown in tab . we can see that the cosine similarity between question and answer pairs extracted by our system is better than that of the fsa baseline . this is due to the fact that our system does not rely on paraphrasing to extract paraphrases , while the fsa system relies on the paraphrase extraction itself to obtain the answer .
the br , us , and combined br + us datasets are further split into a training set ( 70 % ) , a validation set ( 25 % ) , and a test set ( 15 % ) . the test set is used to evaluate the performance of the classifier for all three datasets . the baseline score for classifying r is 50 % .
for the 2 - dataset analysis , we split the data into a training set ( 80 % ) and a test set ( 20 % ) set ( 10 % ) . the training set is split into 80 % for training , 10 % for development , and 20 % for testing . the test set is used to evaluate the performance of the classifier on the development set . we did not perform any fine - tuning of the parameters of the model .
in the first set of experiments , we compared the performance of our system with the state - of - the - art sync - based system of \ newcitegeth ( “ sync2syncs ” ) and \ newcitepress - etal - 2019 - synchronous . in both systems , we used the same training , validation , and test sets . for the sync2synth system , we split the data into a training set ( 80 % ) and a test set ( 20 % ) . the training set is composed of 80 % of the data and the test set is the remaining 20 % . the test set consists of the remaining 10 % of all the data . the performance of sync2synth is better than syncsync for all the types of entities and relations in both systems .
the results show that our approach outperforms all the baselines by a large margin in bleu , he , and dirichlet similarity ( rd ) and chrf1 scores . in particular , our approach achieves a he score of 3 . 69 and 0 . 80 compared to the transformer - bpe baseline with bpe of 32 . 42 and 28 . 83 , respectively .
for the slc task , the multi - granularity model outperforms the bert baseline by a large margin , achieving an f1 - score of 21 . 39 . the multi - granularity model also performs better than the joint baseline by about 1 . 5 points in terms of f1 . the bert model also outperforms all the other models in the flc task by a significant margin , but the difference is not statistically significant .
we find that the cos - e model trained with open - ended reasoning outperforms the bert baseline by 1 . 8 % in accuracy . the cage - reasoning model improves upon the baseline by 2 . 8 % .
replacing cos - e during training with cage reasoning during both training and inference leads to an absolute gain of 10 % over the previous state - of - the - art , resulting in a new state of the art of 64 . 7 % accuracy .
the oracle results on the cqa dev - random - split dataset show that the use of semi - supervised cues from the question generator further boosts the performance of cos - e from 53 % to 67 . 6 % and from 67 % to 70 . 0 % when using the selection mechanism , and from 84 . 5 % to 89 . 8 % when not using any question generator at all .
sotry cloze . we transfer the bert model trained on swag to the swag and story cloze datasets , and fine - tune it on the in - domain swag dataset . we find that bert ’ s performance drops significantly on both datasets , indicating that the model is not able to transfer well to out - of - domain data . we also find that explanation transfer from cqa is less effective than fine - tuning bert on the story cloze dataset . this may be due to the fact that most of the sentences in the story - cloze dataset are much longer than the ones in swag , making it less suitable for bert to infer the relationships between the entities .
redi et al . the fa split contains statements with citations from featured articles and the lqn split consists of statements which were flagged as not having a citation but needing one . the bert model trained on the fa split achieves an f1 score of 0 . 788 , compared to 0 . 753 for the baseline model . our method outperforms the baseline by 0 . 027 in terms of f1 . we found that the pu and puc fine - tuned bert models outperform the bert baseline by approximately 0 . 030 and 0 . 010 f1 points , respectively . the puc model outperforms both the pu model and bert + puc on the f1 and ef1 scores , but not on the recall score .
the dataset was split into a training set ( 80 % ) and a test set ( 20 % ) set ( 10 % ) in which the training set was used to select the best performing model , and the test set was split further into a validation set ( 15 % ) to evaluate the performance of the system on the dev and test sets . the evaluation was performed by two independent raters , both native speakers of english ( κ = 0 . 73 ) who were asked to rank the five basic level concepts for each of the five different domains ( hand tool , edible fruit , musical instr . , and musical instr . ) . the inter - rater agreement ( κ ) between the two raters was 0 . 73 for the hand tool , 0 . 78 for the musical instr . and 0 . 64 for the edible fruit , indicating moderate agreement .
feature importance . for each feature , we rank it based on its importance from lowest ( lowest ) to highest ( highest ) importance . we observe that gloss_length is the most important feature for the fruit data , followed by polysemy_max and g . ngrams_2008_max . for the music data , feature depth_in_hierarchy is the second - most important feature , following after the word_length_min feature .
for each domain , we evaluate the balanced accuracy and κ of the predictions made by the model , with and without normalization , on the test set of the new domain . we observe that normalization improves the performance of the model in all cases , regardless of whether we use the original features or not . the fruits dataset seems to be the most difficult to normalize , with the only exception of the fruits + fruits dataset , where the normalization of the features does not seem to have a significant effect .
the distribution of the event mentions per pos per token per token in all datasets of the eventi corpus is shown in table 1 . the pos tags for nouns , verbs , adjectives , and prepositions are distributed evenly across the three datasets , with the exception of the verb , which is distributed differently across the datasets .
the overall distribution of the event mentions per class in all datasets of the eventi corpus is presented in table 2 . we observe that the occurrence class is the most frequent class , followed by aspectual , i_state , and i_action . the state and perception classes are the least frequent , with only 8 and 2 mentions respectively .
the results show that fastext - it , ilc - itwack and dh - fbk_100 perform better than the baselines for both the strict evaluation and the relaxed evaluation . this is due to the fact that the fastext - it embeddings are trained on a large amount of unlabeled text , which makes them less sensitive to the noise in the training data . the other baselines perform better for the relaxed evaluation , as they do not suffer from this problem .
our model outperforms all the baselines in terms of bleu rouge , p , f1 , and the inter - dist dist - 1 and dist - 2 metrics . it achieves the highest bleus on both intra - dist ( dist - 1 : 0 . 836 vs . 0 . 572 for cvae and 0 . 803 for seqgan ) , and the highest laser ( l = 17 . 2 vs . 12 . 1 for hred ) among all the models , which indicates that our model is able to generate more diverse and grammatical responses . our model also outperforms the baseline hred model on the bow - based embeddings ( a , bow embedding , e , and g ) by a large margin , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our model in capturing the semantic information of the responses .
the results show that dialogwae - gmp outperforms the other models in terms of diversity and informativeness , while dialog wae is slightly better on the coherence score . the reason is that the model is able to generate more diverse and informative responses with the help of the language model .
we can see that our proposed methods outperform the baselines on all three aspects , and the multiseq model achieves the highest score for relevance and fluency . however , the bleu score is not significant . the seq2seq method does not perform as well as the other methods , which might be due to the fact that it does not use any hand - crafted features . our proposed methods , rl current and rl look - ahead , however , outperform other methods on all aspects . the results show that the look - ahead model achieves better performance than the rl current model on all metrics .
we also conduct wilcoxon signed - rank tests between our model and the baselines , and the bold results show the improvements of our model are significant with p < 0 . 005 . we also observe that our model with bert embeddings achieves the best performance on both sparc and cosql datasets .
the hyperboliccones method performs slightly better than the proposed spon method on the eval and leds tasks , but worse on the shwartz and wbless tasks . this may be due to the fact that the hyperbolic features used in this task are very sparse , which makes it more difficult to find the correct clusters . the svd ppmi ( x , y ) method does not perform as well as the other methods on the leds task . this is because the svd counts the pairwise distances between pairs of points in the same cluster , which may not be the best choice for this task .
tab . the first row represents spon with a relu layer followed by a residual connection . the second row removes the residual connection , while the third row replaces the non - negative activation layer relu with tanh that can take negative values . as can be seen , the proposed spon model with both relu layers outperforms the relu only baseline by a large margin , indicating the benefit of taking into account both spatial and temporal dependencies among the hypernym pairs .
spon outperforms the oe and the smoothed box model by a significant margin . with 13 , 089 test instances , the improvement in average precision values obtained by spon is statistically significant with two - tailed p value equals 0 . 00116 . note that the spon model is trained on the training set only .
our rl model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art in both rouge recall scores by a large margin . the rl model trained on the entire nyt50 dataset achieves 45 . 33 and 26 . 53 in terms of recall @ 1 and recall @ 2 , compared to 42 . 2 and 24 . 9 for the full and the rl - only models respectively .
we compare crim and spon on the music and medical datasets . crim is the best system on the domain specific datasets . spon outperforms crim on both datasets in terms of map and mrr .
we measure the embedding similarity scores between the output and the target output list in terms of the real input and the output list of length 1 - 3 , 4 - 6 , 7 - 10 , and the length of the ground - truth list . the results show that the proposed methods significantly outperform the pre - trained greedy algorithm and rl greedy algorithm when the input length is close to the real output length . however , the difference between the performance of the proposed rl methods and the traditional greedy algorithm is not significant .
we can see that sopa consistently outperforms all the baselines on all the three datasets . on the amazon dataset , sopa outperforms bilstm and cnn by a large margin . on sst dataset , the performance of sopa is comparable to that of dan , which is the state - of - the - art model on this dataset .
we used cohen ’ s kappa ( κ ) to measure the agreement between the annotators for each of the three categories of features , questions , and answers . the features category has the highest observed agreement score ( κ = 0 . 90 ) and the questions and answers categories have the lowest observed agreement ( κ = 0 . 63 and 0 . 49 , respectively ) with respect to the gold standard .
we compare our joint model with three baseline models : inception , inceptionfixed , and the memory - augmented lstm ( bilstm ) . we also compare our model with two other document representation models : doc2vec peters et al . for the latter two models , we use the same architecture as inception except that we replace the global average pooling layer with a convolutional layer to extract features for each document . we train these two models on the wikipedia and arxiv datasets , and evaluate them on the other two datasets . for wikipedia , we randomly select 16 . 7 % of the documents as the labeled training set and the rest as the test set . the benchmark model is inception trained on the entire training set of wikipedia , and then tested on the held - out test set of arxiv . the inception fixed model is trained on a subset of the training set only , while the inception on the rest of the data is fine - tuned on the in - domain training set . we use the default hyper - parameters for all the models . the joint model outperforms all the baseline models on all the datasets , with a significant margin . on the arxiv dataset , the joint model improves the accuracies of the baseline model by 1 . 5 % and 2 . 0 % over the majority baseline , respectively . on wikipedia , the improvement is smaller , but still significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) . the improvement is also significant for the cs . cl and cs . lg models . note that the difference between the two models is not statistically significant .
we can see that the joint model achieves a f1 score of 397 . 7 % on the test set , which is higher than that of the state - of - the - art method ( gorrell et al . , we can also see that most of the misclassification happens between the two quality classes b and c . this is due to the fact that the goal of the joint model is not to distinguish between the classes b , c , and the stub .
we conduct experiments on two large - scale text classification data sets , namely ag news and sogou news . for the ag news data set , we randomly select 7 . 6k samples from the training set as the development set , and the rest as the test set . the data set is split into two parts , one part is used for training and the other part for testing . the test set is used to evaluate the performance of the model on the classification task . the size of the training and test sets are also the same as that of the development sets . for soguo news , we use 10k samples for training , 60k for testing , and 450k for validation . the training and testing sets are randomly shuffled and shuffled , and then randomly split to train and test on the same set .
the sememnn - ct and b - sememnn models are trained on the same data set with the same training procedure as in the previous section . we can see that the classification error rates of the two models decrease as the number of training samples increases . this is because the training data size of the ag and sogou data sets increases . the classification error rate of the b - segramnn - abs decreases as the training size increases while that of the sememnn - pt decreases for the ag data set when the training set size increases from 5 , 000 to 10 , 000 samples . the results show that our proposed sab based models outperform the other models in all the cases .
the prefix model , the postfix model , all postfix models , and all infix models , as well as all pre - trained and non - pre - trained models are shown to be the most effective in terms of bleu score , with the prefix model having the highest average score . the small ( type 2 ) and minimal ( type 3 ) models , i . e . , the models with the least number of parameters , are also shown to have the highest score .
our proposed model outperforms all the previous methods on all the datasets by a large margin . our model achieves the best performance on ai2 , cc , il , and mawps datasets . on ai2 dataset , our pre - trained model performs better than the previous state - of - the - art by a significant margin . on the other hand , our post - transformer model performs the best on cc and il dataset , but lags behind the previous best by a small margin .
we first evaluate the joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of woz 2 . 0 corpus . for bert + rnn , our proposed model outperforms all the baselines , including the state - of - the - art model glad zhong et al . the proposed model also outperforms the two baselines in terms of the weighted accuracy , which indicates the effectiveness of our proposed method in utilizing the ontology information for improving the performance of slot - dependent and slot - independent slot classification .
the joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of multiwoz corpus is reported in table 2 . we can see that sumbt outperforms the baseline model , glad zhong et al . , gce nouri and hosseini - asl , and the glad baseline by a large margin .
we find that fine - tuning bert on the qqp corpus results in a gain of 0 . 33 % in accuracy compared to using the qnli dataset as the source language . similarly , for the hubert ( transformer ) model , we see an improvement in accuracy by 0 . 6 % in the sst corpus and 0 . 5 % in snli .
for bert , we find that fine - tuning the bert model on the snli training set results in an absolute gain of 2 . 23 % in accuracy compared to the baseline accuracy . for hubert ( transformer ) , we find a 1 . 14 % absolute gain in accuracy for the sst corpus . for the qnli and rte datasets , we do not find any significant difference in performance between using the fill - in task or not . for snli and sst , we see a small but consistent gain of 0 . 43 % and 0 . 14 % , respectively . we also find that for the wnli dataset , which is the smallest of the three datasets used for pretraining , the role classification task results in the largest gain .
in this section , we evaluate the transferability of hubert across different nli tasks . we use the mnli , qqp , and snli corpora as the source and target corpora , respectively . for each task , we train a bert devlin et al . model on the source corpus and fine - tune it on the target corpus . then , we transfer the model to the target domain using the fine - tuned bert model . we evaluate the performance of the transferred model using the fill - in task and the role classification task . we find that filling in consistently improves the performance in all cases , except for the sst dataset . we hypothesize that the reason is that sst is a small , medium - sized dataset with a large number of sentences , which makes it less suitable for filling in the gaps between the training and testing sets . we also find that using the squad dataset to fill in the holes in the training set hurts the performance .
we find that the bag - of - words and unigram models perform similarly to each other in terms of auprc and auroc on the primary ccs data , but not on the icd - 9 data . on the other hand , note that the bigram models outperform the unigrams by a large margin on the mortality data . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the notes in the mortality notes are more indicative of the clinical status of a patient than those in the medical notes , which makes it easier for the model to localize the correct medical concepts based on the notes .
the results show that our proposed pkd - based pruning method ( bert6 - pkd ) consistently outperforms other pruning methods in terms of accuracy and speedup . for example , compared with bert12 - t , bert6 yields 1 . 9x speedup on sst - 2 , 3 . 7x speedups on mrpc and qqp , and 1 . 5x on qnli and rte . in addition , the accuracy of our method is comparable with the results of bert3 - pkd , which is the state - of - the - art method for fine - tuning large - scale pre - trained language models . the results indicate that our method can prune more parameters without hurting the performance .
we find that adabert - sst - 2 , qqp , mnli , qnli , and rte outperform the random baseline by a large margin . we also find that the performance gain is larger for qqqp and mnli than for the other tasks . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that these two tasks are more closely related to commonsense reasoning than semantic textual entailment , which is why they benefit more from structure - sensitive regularization .
effect of the efficiency loss term . we investigate the effect of the efficiency loss term β in eq . when β = 0 , the model degenerates to bert . as β increases , the performance of the model degrades on all the tasks , which indicates that the model is not able to efficiently learn the task - specific parameters . the optimal setting of β is { 0 , 0 . 5 , 4 , 8 } for sst - 2 , mrpc , qnli , and rte , respectively . we can see that the optimal value of β depends on the dataset . for example , when β = 4 , the accuracy on sst - 2 drops from 91 . 9 % to 84 . 7 % when β is set to 0 , and the accuracy drops from 84 . 5 % to 87 . 2 % when we set β to 0 . the results indicate that the efficiency term plays an important role in bert ’ s performance gain .
sst - 2 , mrpc , qnli , and rte . from the table , we can see that : ( 1 ) adding da and lce consistently improves the performance on all the tasks , which demonstrates the effectiveness of these two knowledge loss terms . ( 2 ) adding probe helps to improve the performance of all tasks , especially on the rte task , which shows the importance of semantic probe . ( 3 ) adding all the knowledge losses ( i . e . , lce ( all ) ) leads to the best performance , which indicates that all knowledge losses are beneficial for our framework .
our model significantly outperforms the current sota across all evaluation metrics . sota1 , sota2 and sota3 refer to the previous best , second best and third best state of the art models respectively . m - bert outperforms bert by 5 . 98 % , 8 . 34 % and 0 . 19 % in ba , f1 , mae and corr , respectively .
the inference time is measured in milliseconds ( ms ) for a single nvidia geforce gtx 1080ti gpu . for the gaussian mask only baseline , we report the inference times for a model trained on the training set only . the results show that the rl model significantly outperforms the standard attention model for short sentences ( i . e . , 4 - 7 words ) , while the difference for longer sentences is marginal .
the me score ranges from 0 . 1 to 0 . 05 . the threshold for the imagenet classifier is 0 . 2 , whereas for the omniglot dataset the me score is higher for the classifier . these results show that the me score for a larger number of images falls below the threshold for both datasets .
we can see that both min - grad and hotflip achieve significantly better performance than the random baselines . for both blstm and transformer , the success rate is significantly higher for the non - nor task than for the nor task , and the differences are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) .
min - grad with hotflip outperforms the random baselines by a large margin in l1 , l2 , and lblstm1 , and is comparable to random with soft - att in lblstm2 . this shows that our method is able to benefit from the use of the attention mechanism to better capture the semantic information in the word embeddings .
we can see that the min - grad method consistently outperforms the random baselines in all cases . this shows that our method is able to learn better representations with the help of the soft - att attention mechanism .
we observe that as the amount of bitext data that is noised increases , the degradation in translation quality decreases . however , we do not observe a consistent degradation as we move from 0 % to 100 % noised data . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the more data we have to deal with , the more difficult it is for the model to learn the correct distribution of word order .
for the wmt16 enro task , we use the same architecture as in sennrich et al . the forward model is a bidirectional model trained on the source side of the parallel data , while the backward model is an ensemble of the same forward model and the same backward model . for the reverse model , we only use the forward model as the decoder , and the encoder and decoder are the same as the forward models . we observe that both bt and tagged bt improve over the bitext baseline by a large margin . the it . - 3 bt model improves over the bt baseline by 0 . 8 sacrebleu points on the test set . we also observe that the it . - 2 bt model performs the best among the three flavors of bt .
we see that bt and noisedbt both perform worse than bitext , and taggedbt achieves the best average bleu score across all time steps , with an average gain of + 0 . 8 bleus over bt .
for asr , we treat the data treated as if it were bt ( noised and / or tagged , resp . ) , whereas for entropy the natural text is used for both bt and noisedbt . we see that bt and p3bt both outperform the bitext baseline , with bt having the largest attention sink ratio ( 0 . 28 vs . 0 . 31 for asr0 and 0 . 28 for bt | x | ) . this is consistent with our hypothesis that bt is better at paying attention to the beginning of the sentence than to the end , as indicated by the higher ~ h . note that for bt , the attention sink is much higher for ~ h than for the baseline , indicating that the model is paying attention more to the ends of the sentences .
in this section , we compare the performance of our proposed tagging and back - translation models with the baseline transformer model using standard decoding . we report the average bleu scores over the last 5 years ’ development data , averaged over the first 13 - 17 years of our corpus . we find that the standard decoding model outperforms the tagging model by a significant margin across all the years , with an average gain of 1 . 5 - 2 . 0 for tagged bt and 1 . 0 - 1 . 5 bleus for back - translated bt . we note that the gain from the tagging approach is more significant for longer time steps than for shorter ones . we believe that this is due to the fact that the amount of training data available for the long term dependencies in our corpus is much smaller than that available for short term dependencies .
source - target overlap is defined as the ratio of unigram overlap between the src - tgt and target unigrams in the target sentence . we can see that there is very little difference between the two methods of encoding and decoding newstest as if it were bitext or bt data . however , there is a much larger difference in the case of back - translated bt data than if it was bitext . this suggests that bt data is more similar to bitext than it is to text in general .
the reuters - 8 dataset is a collection of 8 newswire documents from the international financial centres ( ifc ) shared task . the documents are divided into eight classes : acq , crude , earn , grain , interest , money - fx , ship , trade , and trade . each document is divided into a training set and a test set . the training set is composed of 80 % of the documents and the test set is the remaining 20 % . the documents were randomly divided into 80 % for training and 20 % for testing . the document distribution over the classes is shown in table .
the results show that the proposed tf - msm method outperforms all the other methods in terms of accuracy , with a standard deviation of only 0 . 42 % . the mvb method has the second best performance with an accuracy of 62 . 70 % , followed by the mnb method with the best performance of 91 . 47 % . for the svm method , the std . deviation is 0 . 29 % .
on the conll - 2014 dataset , our model achieves a new state - of - the - art f0 . 5 score of 62 . 74 on the errant test set and 54 . 79 on the m2 test set , both outperforming the previous state of the art by a large margin . on the semeval - 2015 dataset , the same trend is observed , with our model surpassing the previous sota by a significant margin of 4 . 69 % on errant and 5 . 19 % on m2 .
for antichat , there are a total of 9 , 992 messages in the training set and 5 , 898 in the development set . the majority of these messages ( 84 % ) are replies to messages asking for information about products . the second most common type of reply is a purchase message , with 8 % of the messages being bought and the remaining 2 % being sold . there are also a small number of messages where neither the original poster nor the responder respond to the message ( 2 % ) . most of the replies ( 8 % ) are about products that are specifically targeted at specific target customers ( e . g . , a product that is sold for a specific target customer ) . however , there is a small portion of messages in which the replies are anything that is not explicitly mentioned in the message , such as asking about the price of a specific item .
product and hack forums . for the antichat dataset , the best model for both datasets is the logistic regression model with an f1 - score of 0 . 831 and 0 . 753 for the product and the hack forums datasets respectively . the best score for the hack forums dataset is obtained by the fasttext model ( 0 . 827 ) with an accuracy of 0 . 734 for the product dataset and the logistic regression model with 0 . 722 for the hack forums dataset . we can see that the performance of all the models is significantly better than that of fasttext .
it can be seen that the pooling method with the highest average score ( ‘ average score ’ ) outperforms the other pooling methods in all the tasks . the mean pooling has the highest score for the entailment task , and the max pooling performs the best for the text classification task . however , there is no clear winner between the mean , max and septptimal pooling .
for the wikipassageqa dataset , the in - domain fine - tuned bert model achieves 74 . 9 % in terms of map , 27 . 2 % for p @ 5 and 15 . 2 % , 15 . 1 % for the p @ 10 , which outperforms the previous state - of - the - art result by a large margin . for insuranceqa , our model achieves a p @ 1 score of 73 . 3 % and p @ 2 score of 83 . 8 % , which is also better than the previous best result ( submult + nn wang2016g ) . for the bm25 dataset , our method achieves a map score of 53 . 7 % , 19 . 5 % , and 11 . 5 % compared to the memory - cnn - lstm model cohen2018 . for the bert - based models , we also compare our method with the pre - trained bert embedding model .
we compare our results with those of \ newcitebokaei and mahmoudi and “ arabic ner model ” shahshahani et al . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by a significant margin . the reason is that our model has a better performance on the armani word and peyma phrase datasets than the previous studies .
the results show that morphobert and beheshti - ner - 1 obtain the best performance in the in - domain test set and the worst performance on the out - of - domain set . this is expected as they are built on top of the pretrained embeddings obtained from the pretraining data of the target domain . however , they do not perform well on the other two test sets as they were not pretrained on ictrc - nlpgroup .
the medical device term “ stroke ” has the highest score for both the medical robot and the sports rehab machine , with an overall score of 0 . 919 and 0 . 8495 , respectively . the second highest score ( 0 . 893 ) is obtained for the medical robot , and the third highest is for the sports rehab machine . the most frequent terms used in both the terms are “ organization ” , “ network ” and “ semi - instantiation ” . in the case of the medical device , the most frequent term is “ regime ” ( i . e . , the root of the table ) , followed by “ movid ” which is the second - most frequent term , and then “ principal component , secondary component , inductive term . ” the most frequently used terms for the sports repository are also “ automated ” : “ reduction of red blood cells , transfusion , membrane , plasma , and mechanical ventilator , ” with the exception of “ cell_type ” being the second most frequent .
in this section , we present the experimental results of our proposed model . our model achieves the best performance among all the models on all the four datasets . specifically , our model improves the average f1 score by 2 . 4 % over the strongest baseline ( bilstm ) and 2 . 6 % over bert - base , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our model . we also observe that our model outperforms the bert baseline on most of the datasets .
table 2 presents the overall results of our experiments . table 2 shows the average results across all target domains and all strategies . the bold values indicate the best result for each strategy for each source domain and strategy , and the column " average " indicates the average over all test domains . from table 2 , we can see that in almost all cases , our method outperforms the baseline , and in some cases by a substantial margin . we can also see that our method generally improves over the baseline in most cases , the only exception is in the case of arabic - turkish ( mt ) , where our method is not as effective as the baseline .
we find that the best overall results are achieved by combining all available features from the two systems , with the exception of the avg features , which perform slightly worse than the majority baseline . this is likely due to the fact that the avg feature set , which contains the most diverse set of domain - specific features , is the most effective in this setting , as it is the only feature set that can consistently outperform the baseline in all cases .
for intent detection and slot filling , the golve - based model achieves 92 . 22 % and 98 . 45 % accuracy , respectively . the svm model achieves 94 . 98 % accuracy for intent detection , and the hmm model achieves 87 . 20 % for slot filling . the random baseline is a baseline that randomly assigns a slot to each intent label in the training set . the majority baseline is the majority baseline that always picks the intent label .
the percentage of individuals for which the system was able to provide the correct answer to one of the questions ranged from 16 . 7 % to 33 . 3 % ( strongly agree ) . the percentage for those who were able to “ understand ” their questions was in the range from 0 . 0 % to 1 . 7 % . the majority of the respondents were satisfied with the informativeness and fluency of the answers provided by the system , with a slight preference for the system ’ s outputs in the strongly agree and strongly disagree categories . only a very small percentage ( 0 . 0 % ) of the participants found the answers to be less “ perfect ” in the presence of the gui . in the other three categories , the percentage of people who found the gui of the system to be the most suitable for reading the provided answers was in between the percentages of 100 % and 100 % . in addition , the majority of participants found that the system could respond to the questions in a reasonable time , within a reasonable amount of time , and in a way that was suitable for the subjects to comprehend and respond to their questions . the lowest percentage in each category was found to be 25 % .
we compare our approach with several unsupervised and semi - supervised ir methods on the insuranceqa , academia , apple , and wikipassageqa datasets . we also compare with several state - of - the - art semantic similarity methods , including tf * idf and bm25 . we observe that our approach significantly outperforms all the baselines on all the datasets . for example , our approach improves the bleu score of bm25 from 30 . 3 to 38 . 1 and from 24 . 9 to 29 . 2 on the two largest datasets , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our approach .
thematic ranker evaluation . we evaluate the syntactic ranker by comparing it to a random ranker ( rnd ) and an upper bound ( ub ) , as well as the two best performing thematic rankers from \ newcitedblp : journals / corr / abs - 1907 - 00686 and \ newciteneelakantan - etal : 2014 : acl - ijcnlp . for each of these rankers , we compare it to two different language pairs : english ( se1 ) and german ( sd1 ) from the conll - 2012 shared task , and vice versa . for comparison , we also evaluate the ranking produced by a randomly - selected global ranker , which we refer to as the “ globoid ” ranker . overall , we find that thematic rankers perform slightly better than the purely syntactic ones , with the exception of the sd2 ranker in the en - de direction , where the difference is not statistically significant . the difference in performance between the two syntactic and the thematic ones is less pronounced in the german case .
in this section , we introduce the hierarchy hierarchy learning ( hcl ) approach . in hcl , each sub - relation is induced based on the hierarchical structure of the training data . in this approach , we start from the top layer and gradually move down the hierarchy by mapping each relation from the highest to the lowest layer . for example , the first layer in the second layer is created by mapping the span “ experiencer ” to “ pivot ” , and the next layer is built by mapping “ event ” and “ reason ” . the rest of the hierarchical layers are then mapped to the lower level “ domain ” or “ time ” using the hierarchical embedding language model ( hlm ) . we can see that the hcl approach can induce hierarchical hierarchies based on different types of relations such as “ title ” ( e . g . , ed ) , “ composite ” for ed , “ year ” in eq . the reason behind this is that these relations are semantically very similar to each other , and thus can be induced using the hierarchical approach .
for this cross - lingual evaluation , we trained a rankmerger model for each of the three languages , and evaluated it on the en and de test sets . we can see that the performance is very close to the performance of the global ranker , and the difference is not statistically significant . the same procedure was also used for the rnd dataset .
for the kras dataset , the ndcg and map results are slightly better than for the tf - idf baseline . for the egfr and kras datasets , the best performance is achieved by the combination of auto - rank and feat . this is consistent with the results reported in the previous literature for this dataset .
we report macro - f1 scores for each of the activities following schulz et al . we also report the human upper - bound ( inter - annotator agreement ) indicating room for improvement . we observe that the overall performance is similar to flair when only using fasttext embeddings .
we report precision , recall , and f1 scores for the development and the test sets separately . the best performing model on the development set is a logistic regression classifier with bert embeddings ( 0 . 71 f1 score ) , followed by a bert * model with the context features . the model with all features achieves the best performance on the test set , outperforming the previous state - of - the - art by a significant margin of 4 . 1 points .
the f1 - scores on the development set and the test set are 0 . 212 and 0 . 195 , respectively . propaganda is the most frequently detected category in both the development and test sets , followed by the technique category with an f1 score of 0 . 347 . the least frequently detected categories are the appeal to authority , bandwagon , black - and - white fallacy , and doubt , with f1 scores 0 . 011 , 0 . 002 respectively . the most frequently seen categories in both sets are the flag - waving , loaded language and name calling , labeling .
for both kras and pik3ca , the rocchio and relevance models were trained on the full training set , while the auto - ref model was trained on a subset of the training set that was used for hyper - parameter tuning . for each of the evaluation metrics , the best performing model in terms of ndcg @ 10 ( “ auto - ref ” ) was ranked first for 10 , 20 , 30 , and 100 entities , and the best model for 100 entities was ranked second for 20 , 25 , and 30 . for the map metric , “ map ” was used to measure the mean absolute difference between the predicted and ground truth entities for each query .
we compare our approach with several previous works in the field of machine learning on baidu ’ s news feed ( nayak et al . , we use the same experimental setup as faruqui and dyer \ shortcitefaruqui - dyer2014a and köhn \ shortcitewainwright - köhn - etal - 2015 - task for evaluating the performance of the proposed approach . the only difference between our approach and theirs is that we use a pretrained language model to perform the task - type tasks , instead of using static word embeddings . our approach outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by a significant margin .
for the query { pik3ca } , we use the clinical notes in the ppik - 3 database of drugs and provide a list of drugs that have been used in clinical trials in the literature . this list includes a wide range of drugs , some of which have been studied in literature for years and some that have not been studied at all . some of these drugs , like liposarcoma and linsitinib , have been investigated in literature as a drug class that has been shown to be highly effective in many clinical trials . for example , the drug h1047r has been used as a candidate for several clinical trials for multiple diseases . the drug v600e has been associated with multiple types of cancer and has a wide variety of clinical notes , including colorectal cancer , mantle cell carcinoma , polyps and ulcerative colitis . the other drug e545k is associated with the disease glioblastoma .
the svm ( original ) results are taken from beinborn et al . the original svm results are slightly better than the ones we have used in the original paper , but we did not reproduce the results of the svm with the original hyperparameters in our original paper . therefore , we have modified the results slightly to make them more comparable to the original ones . the mlp and bilstm models have been trained on the original training set and evaluated on the new training set . the best accuracy is achieved by the bilstm model .
next , we compare the performance of sel and size on each corpus with randomly sampled target difficulties τ . we observe that sel outperforms size in terms of rmse on all three corpora , and that size performs slightly better than sel on the gutenberg corpus . on the other hand , on the reuters corpus , sel performs slightly worse than size .
for both the easy and hard datasets , the sel and size strategies significantly outperform the default def strategy . for the easy dataset , the average error rate e ( t ) for sel is . 10 and . 30 , respectively , while for the hard dataset it is . 53 and . 44 , respectively . we note that the size of the data used for def differs between the two datasets . for both datasets , there is no significant difference in the mean error rates across the three text types .
the data - lexicon baseline is the baseline that we used for our data - adaptation experiments . for framenet with lexicon , we used the data - lexicon baseline for training , and for framenet without lexicon we used our own lexicon for training . the f1 - m_amb score is 28 . 452756pt , which is significantly lower than the f1 score obtained with the lexicon baseline . this shows that our lexicon is helpful in improving the performance of our framenet model .
we compare our model with the state - of - the - art methods in terms of bleu - 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , meteor , rouge , and cider scores . our model outperforms the previous best method by a large margin , i . e . , scst ( rennie2017self ) and adaptive ( lu2017knowing ) on all the metrics , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our approach .
we evaluate the quality of the summaries produced by recent summarization systems on the cnn - dm test set using rouge fas chen18 , pgc see17 , and bus gehrmann18 . we use a subset of 100 randomly sampled summaries from the test set to evaluate the performance of these systems . we find that the pgc and fas systems produce significantly more incorrect summaries than the bus system , with 25 % and 26 % of the samples being deemed inadmissible . the bus system produces significantly longer summaries , with an average length of 54 . 4 words , compared to 36 . 35 words for the fas system and 72 . 1 words for pgc .
for each model , we report the absolute difference in f1 - scores on the validation and test sets , as well as the corresponding δ on the incorpus . for each split , we also report the percentage of sentences that differ by at least one word from the original sentence ( i . e . , δ = 1 for infersent , sse , esim , and da ) . for bert and elmo , the difference is typically much smaller .
french contraction rules are defined as follows . the first rule is the contraction of auxquels to auxquelles ( “ de les quelles ” ) . the second rule is similar to the second rule , but the third rule is a modification of the first rule by adding the suffix “ de lequel ” , which means that the second contraction rule should be identical to the previous rule . the rest of the rules are the same as those defined in the previous paragraph except for the final rule which ensures that all the languages have the same number of contraction rules .
in the full - dbless setup , our system outperforms the previous state - of - the - art system lear [ vulic : 2018naaclps ] by a large margin . in the disjoint setup , we outperform the previous best system lear by . 957 with sg sg and . 955 with gl sg with sg and gl .
we observe that both postle models , dffn and adv , outperform the distributional method by a wide margin , with adv obtaining the best results for both languages and the two target languages . interestingly , we observe that dffn performs better than adv even when the target language is the same as the source language , as in cross - lingual transfer . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that adv is able to exploit the shared information between the two languages to better exploit the information between them , which leads to better generalization .
we observe that the deep - coref ranking model achieves the best performance on the conll - 2012 test set , while the stanford rule - based baseline is the best on the lea test set . both of our models outperform peng et al . ’ s model on the max and mina settings , but not the head setting .
in order to evaluate the quality of the regression model ’ s predictions on the test set , we trained and evaluated the model in three separate experiments . the mse of the random regression model was worse than that of the other two , indicating that the model did not overfit to the training set . the r2 score for the random model was larger than that for the regression models in experiment 1 and 2 , which indicates that the models were overfitted to the train set . in the third and final experiment , we used a random split of the data for training and testing , which resulted in a slightly worse mse than that in the first experiment .
the pos - han outperforms the pos - cnn and st - cnn by a large margin on both ccat10 and blogs50 datasets , which demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed hierarchical attention network . it is worth noting that the pos representations are more discriminative than the traditional convolutional neural networks , which can be attributed to two reasons . first , the pos embeddings are trained on a large amount of unlabeled data , which may not be suitable for the task of sentiment analysis . second , the representations learned by the pos encoders are better than the representations learnt by the traditional neural networks .
we can see that the style - han model outperforms the syntactic , lexical , and combined models for all the three datasets . for example , on ccat10 dataset , the accuracies of the lexical and style - hannual models are all above 80 % , and the combined model achieves the highest accuracy of 90 . 58 % .
in this section , we compare the performance of different fusion approaches in terms of the accuracy achieved by different fusion methods . the results are shown in tab . as can be seen , the combined approach achieves higher accuracy than the separate one for both the ccat10 and blog10 datasets . the reason is that the two datasets are highly imbalanced , which results in a higher overlap between the positive and negative classes . in addition , the blog50 dataset is more imbalanced than the citeseer dataset , which may result in a lower accuracy of the hybrid approach .
for the ccat10 and blogs50 datasets , style - han outperforms all the other models by a significant margin . for both datasets , the accuracy of the n - gram cnn model is significantly higher than the cnn - char model and the svm - affix - punctuation 3 - gram model . this is due to the fact that the use of punctuation does not improve the performance of the cnn model on this dataset .
we observe that the lstm models perform better than the simple svm and svm models for both s and ns , with the conditional model performing slightly better for s . the best overall results are achieved by combining the conditional and recurrent lstms , with an f1 - score of 73 . 32 % for s and 74 . 41 % for ns . the model with the best overall performance for s is the conditional one , where the model that uses the last hidden state of the recurrent network ( lstmr ) performs the best .
first , we observe that the conditional model performs the best on both s and ns , followed by the lstm conditioned model . the conditional model outperforms all the other models on s , but underperforms on ns . this may be due to the fact that the amount of training data in s is smaller than that in ns , which makes it easier for the model to overfit to the training data . second , the best performing model on s is the one that combines the svm with the contextual word features ( svmc + rbl ) , while the best performance on ns is achieved by the model that only uses the context word features , svmrbl . finally , we see that the best overall performance is achieved when the model is trained on the concatenation of the last hidden states of the two lstms ( lstmras ) .
we observe that the multimodal combination of visual and acoustic features ( i . e . , t , a , and v ) improves the performance of the svm classifier by 4 . 2 % in terms of f - score , and that the best performance is achieved when all modalities are combined . we also observe that svm with visual and audio modalities outperforms the random baseline by a large margin .
we observe that the combination of visual and audio modalities ( a , t , and v ) improves the performance of the svm classifier by a significant margin ( δmulti − unimodal = 0 . 4 % in f - score ) . the best performance is achieved when all modalities are used together ( i . e . , t + a and t + v ) , yielding an f - score of 63 . 1 % and an error rate reduction of 0 . 4 % . we also observe that combining visual and acoustic modalities leads to an improvement in the error rate by a small margin ( 0 . 3 % ) .
the first two columns show the results for the speaker - dependent and the independent setups , respectively . the third and fourth columns present the scores for the best individual feature sets , and the fifth and sixth columns report the scores using the best feature sets from the previous experiment . we can see that the speaker information is helpful for both independent and dependent setups , with the independent setup giving the best results in terms of precision , recall and f - score . however , in the speaker dependent setup , the context features do not improve the performance over the baseline . this is probably due to the small size of the training data , which makes it hard for the network to learn sufficient features to generalize to unseen speakers .
