table 3 presents the results on the eds test set for english and german . our model outperforms all the previous state - of - the - art models on all metrics except for basic smatch f . the difference is most prevalent in the psd test set , where our psd model obtains the best overall performance .
the results of bert dev and biobert test set are shown in table 1 . the smaller performance gap between snli ( s ) and mednli ( m ) indicates that the performance gain comes from better training on snli datasets . moreover , the difference is less pronounced when the training set is expanded with the mednli coreference network , showing that the translation quality obtained during the expansion process is comparable to that during the design phase .
distill and no - distill models perform similarly on the sst2 task . elmo shows lower performance on a - but - b sentences ( “ but ” and “ negations ” ) compared to the no - disdistill model , indicating that the differences in learning ability are due to different learning rates . however , on the negation task , elmo performs better than no - project model , showing that the learning rate is still high even under the difficult requirement of distill .
the accuracies of the baseline and elmo ( over 100 seeds ) on non - neutral sentences are also shown in table 3 , compared to those on neutral ones . the elmo agent outperforms no - distill , no - project and flipped sentiment agents , confirming the effectiveness of the thresholding scheme . with the exception of flipped sentiment , all the other agents perform similarly to the baseline on neutral sentences .
the results are presented in table 1 . all the labels used for this analysis show significant performance drop on the tf and glove datasets . the difference is most prevalent for the labels labeled with " tf " and " glove " tags . both tags yield significantly lower f - measure scores compared to those without . in addition , the difference between the tn and fms drops significantly for both groups , both for the original and the derivational text .
the results are presented in table 1 . all the labels used for this analysis show significant performance improvement on the tf and glove datasets . both groups significantly outperform the comparison agents with comparable performance on the word embeddings . the difference is most prevalent on the labels for tf , with a gap of more than 2 . 5 points in coverage between the groups for both groups . in addition , the difference between the f1 and f2 scores on the label tags is much narrower , with an absolute difference of . 3 points in all but one case .
table 3 presents the results on topic science and topic - wiki . avg_cossim outperforms all the base the results are broken down in terms of t / n and f - measure , with the exception of topic science , where it is slightly better than topic_science . topic science is qualitatively very different from topicwiki : compared to topic_wiki , there are statistically significant ( p < . 005 ) differences and f scores are significantly higher on topic - science than on topic / wiki , confirming the importance of domain - aware embeddings . the topic - aware approach by gong et al . ( 2018 ) achieves competitive or better results than previous approaches across all three domains , outperforming both google and avg - cos ,
table 3 shows test set f1 on the cnn , lstm and cnnmrr tasks . the baseline model ( bl ) achieves state - of - the - art results on all metrics with a gap of 10 . 8 % on average compared to the previous state of the art models . the difference is most prevalent in cnn , which shows the performance drop of more than 10 % compared to baseline models . all models except bl + c - lstm outperform their baseline counterparts on average .
the results of the best performing models are shown in table 1 . the best results are obtained on the wmt en - de and wmt en - fr datasets are obtained using the iwslt speedup and en - en bleu models . the difference in performance between the baseline and the best - performing models is mostly due to small size of the training data set ( i . e . , i . e . wmten - de speedup is 1 . 57 times as often as wmtde - en speedup ) and is 2 . 18 times as frequently compared to sat ( b = 2 ) indicating that the performance gain is due to larger training data size . in addition , the difference between sat ( k = 2 ) and baseline ( b = 1 ) is less pronounced than in the other models .
the results of s - lstm with and without dummy nodes are shown in table 2 . with ⟨ s ⟩ as inputs , our model obtains significant gains in accuracy and time ( s ) over the best previous state - of - the - art models , confirming the effectiveness of our model . however , when adding dummy nodes , the results are only comparable with those without , showing that the performance reach the best when using only plain random hidden nodes .
the results are shown in table 1 . the bilstm model achieves the best results with an accuracy of 82 . 37 % over the best previous state - of - the - art models . it closely matches the performance of lstm with only 0 . 3 % absolute difference .
results on the movie review dataset are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms all the previous approaches by a noticeable margin . bilstm achieves the best performance with 82 % on average compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . it closely matches the performance of the best previous models , with the exception of socher ( 2012 ) .
the results are shown in table 1 . the most representative ones are the results for " video " and " food " sub - categories , followed by " health " . all models except for 2 bilstm outperform the comparison agents when trained and tested on the identical dataset with the same set of features . in all but one case , the improvement is statistically significant ( i . e . time ( s ) > 0 . 1 ) over the previous state of the art model on both datasets . when trained on a single dataset , the average time taken to perform for each sub - domain is significantly less than the previous best state - of - the - art model .
results on pos tagging are shown in table 6 . bilstm outperforms all supervised and unsupervised models except for sasaki et al . ( 2011 ) . the results are broken down in terms of performance on training and test set , with the exception of manning2011 , which obtains a performance improvement on part of the training set . the best performance on ptb dataset is obtained by els reported in our second submission , which shows the performance of our model in the transfer phase .
the results are shown in table 1 . we present the performance of our final model on the training and test set of bilstm . our model outperforms all the previous state - of - the - art models on both datasets with two tasks .
table 2 shows the e2e test set results of all systems that we trained on the challenge and development set . the best results on the development set belong to our harvardnlp & h . elder model , which outperforms all the other systems except thomson reuters ( np 3 ) in terms of bleu and rouge - l score . the difference is most prevalent in the domain of word embeddings , where our model ( best on dev . ) is 7 . 6 % better than other systems . similarly , the difference between baseline and dev set is 2 . 9 % on average , which indicates that the training set size and the number of iterations are important for the model to achieve the best results .
table 3 shows the best performance on the development set of webnlg for rouge - l , upf - forge and tilburg - smt . the best results on the dev set are obtained by our approach , which verifies the effectiveness of our model design . the difference in performance between baseline and dev set is minimal , however we see significant difference in bleu score due to large variation in training set size and quality . our approach outperforms all the stateof - the - art systems that do not use webnlg embeddings . its average ± sd score of 10 . 3 ± 2 . 8 points over the baseline is better than all the other approaches except upf ' s 37 . 4 ± 0 . 9 .
as shown in table 4 , increasing the number of layers in synst ’ s parse decoder significantly lowers the speedup while marginally impacting bleu . randomly sampling k from { 1 … 6 } during training boosts bleu significantly with minimal impact on speedup . we find that k ∈ { 1 , k ∈ 6 } significantly boosts decoding speedup over the simple random sampling baseline without sacrificing too many layers .
the results in table 4 show that e2e and webnlg development set outperform the best previous approaches using only human reference , confirming the value of human reference . the difference between bleu and rouge - l is less pronounced than in the previous experiments , but still suggests some advantage to using human reference as prediction once . finally , the difference between average weighted f1 scores of the human reference and the reference obtained by the web - based embeddings is less significant than in previous experiments . with these results , we can conclude that it is better to rely on human reference alone than on cross - references .
the results of e2e word embeddings for the webnlg and webnlg char . are shown in table 1 . the first group shows the overall performance of both systems on the content and linguistic errors . overall , both systems show lower performance on the linguistic errors and overall correctness compared to the previous state - of - the - art systems . however , the improvement on the overall correctness metric is much larger than that on the errors metric , showing that both systems are more sensitive to grammatical errors and spelling mistakes . we observe that the errors are mostly caused by repetition errors , as shown in the second group . however , there are some exceptions specific to linguistic errors which show that the system is able to pick out the most problematic ones and correct these errors relatively quickly .
table 1 shows the test set ' s performance on the word embeddings and the unique sents . we observe that , compared to the human test set , webnlg has better performance on both the word and the distinctive sents . the difference is most prevalent in e2e human , which shows that the training set is more interpretable and interpretable with more data . on the other hand , sents perform better than human on both test sets , indicating that more data is available to analyze and the quality of the training data is better .
we present the results of manual evaluation of the generated texts for 10 random test instances of a word - based model trained with synthetic training data from two templates . the results are shown in table 7 . our model obtains the best performance with an avg . c @ n @ n of 1 . 2 and 3 . 3 on the test set , which shows that the reranker helps the model to select the most interesting and interesting correct hypotheses .
the results of abstractive summarization on gigaword test set with rouge metric are shown in table 1 . our approach improves upon the state - of - the - art supervised and unsupervised methods by 1 . 88 points over the performance of previous work . the improvement over the best previous work is most pronounced on the lead - 75c metric , which shows the advantage of prefix baselines and attention . further improving performance by high margins
experimental results of extractive summarization on google data set . table 2 presents the results of google translate with unsupervised and supervised summaries . the summaries generated by zhao et al . ( 2018 ) achieve 85 . 1 % f & a score improvement over the previous state - of - the - art on a single supervised dataset . while the contextual match score is slightly higher than the previous best state of the art , it is comparable to the supervised results . contextual match is the highest performing sub - step in the extraction process , and exceeds the threshold for overlap score by 3 . 3 % . the best supervised performance is achieved by filippova et al . , ( 2015 ) .
table 3 presents the results of different model choices for extractive and abstractive rl on the matching dataset in the abstractive and extractive rl benchmarks . our temp5 model outperforms all the other models that do not rely on cat - based contextual representation . moreover , it significantly outperforms the temp10 model in extractive f1 score and cr score as well . the results are shown in bold in table 3 . all the models show that their contextual representation choices have far - reaching effects on the extraction performance of their rl scores .
the official evaluation results of the submitted runs on the test set . from table 3 , we can observe that the sub - task performance of 1 ext . and 2 ext . tasks is significantly better than the performance of the original classifier , indicating that the training set size and type of training data are important for the model to achieve outstanding performance . sub - tasks are evaluated using the weighted average of the average number of iterations of training instances across all training instances , and are subtracted from the final test set if there are more than 10 iterations . the results are presented in table 3 .
table 3 compares the f1 scores of the predicted and actual parse ( from the parse decoder ) and the gold parsing ( from an external parser in the target language ) , and the chunk sequences obtained after parsing the translation produced by the token decoder . predicted parse prediction has an f1 improvement of 7 . 23 % over gold parsing , which shows that jointly training the two decoders improves the prediction performance by more than 2 . 10 % overall .
uniform sampling outperforms the always sampled approach and the teacher - forcing approach , which relies on word2vec embeddings , in terms of msrp ( acc / f1 ) and sick - r scores . the results of both approaches are shown in table 3 . regularization improves the results for both datasets , but does not improve the sick scores significantly . this is mostly due to the lower performance of the automatic - regressive rnn as decoder compared to the naive uniform sampling approach .
the results are shown in table 1 . all decoders perform similarly to the pre - trained models except for sick - e . in all but one case , the difference is less pronounced with respect to msrp ( acc / f1 ) and trec . rnn significantly outperforms cnn in terms of sentence representation . its average number of tokens per sentence is 11 . 6 , which means that more than half of the sentences in question are actually encoded in the wrong context .
bleu scores are shown in table 2 for training nmt models with full word and byte pair encoded vocabularies . the smaller bpe vocabulary size limits performance to 50k words , which is comparable to the size of word embeddings in wmt documents . bpe models trained with annealing adam outperform the best previous state - of - the - art models with a full word vocabulary size of 32k .
the results of pre - selection are shown in table 1 . our model obtains the best performance with a ppl score of 88 . 3 % on the test set containing ≈ 5m parameters . compared to the previous state - of - the - art models , the syl - lstm classification system outperforms all the other models that do not use lstm word embeddings . the difference is most prevalent in the domain of perplexity , where our model char - cnn shows the worst performance . we conjecture that this is due to the extremely small test set size .
the results of all models are shown in table 1 . syl - cnn outperforms the data - s models in terms of all three domains . it achieves competitive or better results than the best - performing data - l models on all metrics except for es . among all models , it is the superior performer on ru and es .
variational rhn outperforms the original lstm embeddings in terms of dlm and ppl , as shown in table 5 , the similarity between the original and the variationated rhn is less pronounced for the latter . however , the difference between ppl and dlm drops significantly for the original rhn .
table 1 shows the effect of adding titles to premises . esim significantly improves the support accuracy for claims on the fever test set . the difference in support accuracy between esim and transformer is less pronounced for fever title one ,
table 2 shows that esim on the title five dataset significantly outperforms the transformer dataset in terms of support accuracy and claim accuracy . specifically , esim shows a significant drop in support accuracy for title five and title one datasets .
in table 3 we report the percentage of evidence retrieved from the first half of the development set for the tfidf task . our system outperforms the previous state - of - the - art on both datasets with a gap of 10 . 2 % on the fever baseline and 3 . 1 % on topix .
table 4 shows the fever scores of the various systems that use ne + film retrieval . all use the best performing feature set , and their average score is significantly higher than the state - of - the - art on average .
projection accuracy for the isolated example experiment is shown in table 2 . our model shows that the new pairs significantly outperform the original pairs in terms of accuracy @ 1 , @ 5 , @ 10 and @ 15 , confirming that the translation quality of our model can be further improved with an increase of the training data quality .
the results for in - vocabulary and out - ofvocabulary pairs are shown in table 1 . in all but one case , the difference in performance between the two sets is statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) with respect to invocabulary , up - to - now and previous data . out - of - voord ( ovo ) pairs show significant performance drop both for in the vocabulary and for the standalone embeddings . the difference is most prevalent in the case of standalone pairs , which show that the semantic information injected into the model by the additional cost term is significant enough to result in a significant drop in performance .
the results of the direct and indirect test sets are shown in table 3 . directed models outperform their unsupervised counterparts on all metrics except for te3 . the difference is most prevalent in relation to td , with tl2rtl ( lτ ) consistently showing lower performance compared to both the lτ and lτce models . with respect to te3 , both indirect and direct test sets perform better on the standard task . in particular , all models show lower performance on the te3 task when trained and tested on the same dataset .
the results for all onion and all onion half - and - half datasets are shown in table 4 . all onion all and all onion half - of - the - speech embeddings perform comparably to each other except for the case of ebay where all onion is better than all onion but slightly worse than legal onion . legal onion is comparable to both illegal onion and legal onion in terms of performance on both datasets with two exceptions ( ' illegal onion ' performs slightly better than ' legal onion ' on both ebay and ' all onion ' in the comparison dataset .
as shown in table 2 , the average percentage of wikifiable named entities in a website per domain , with standard error weighted by the number of domains , is 38 . 6 % ( https : / / www . uservoice . com / en - us / for example , ebay is 50 . 8 % ( wikifiable ) and legal onion is 32 . 5 % ( illegal onion ) . the presence of illegal and legal onions in the same domain is statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) which shows that the illegal ones are more likely to contain copyrighted material .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 2 . all models show improvements relative to the ukb baseline except for those using mfs embeddings . the mfs model outperforms ukb in terms of s2 and s13 scores , while it performs slightly better than ukb on s07 , s13 and s15 .
table 2 presents the f1 results for supervised systems on the raganato et al . ( 2017a ) dataset . all supervised systems outperform the unsupervised systems except for iacobacci et al . , whose system achieves 73 . 8 % f1 score . the best results are reported in table 2 , yuan et al . ( 2016 ) and ( 2017b ) obtain 73 . 9 % and 73 . 7 % f2 scores , respectively , on the s2 and s13 datasets , respectively . raganato and co . ( 2016 ) obtain 69 . 3 % and 69 . 8 % , respectively , f1 scores better than the previous state - of - the - art supervised systems . in comparison , zhong and ng ( 2010 ) and melamud ( 2014 ) obtain 71 . 2 % and 71 . 9 % , respectively f1 and s15 scores respectively , which shows that supervised systems are comparable in performance to the supervised systems without sacrificing performance .
the results are shown in table 15 . all models show improvements on the single context sentence and context sentence tests , with the exception of pprnf , which shows severe performance drop in both cases . the best performances are obtained by dfs - ppr , which obtains 69 . 9 % on the average context sentence compared to ppr , and ppr - w2w , which achieves 66 . 2 % and 63 . 4 % on average context sentences , respectively , compared to the previous state of the art models .
table 2 shows the performance of our model compared to previous state - of - the - art models on the swbd2 and cnn datasets . our hn model outperforms all the previous models except doc2vec and bigram , which show significant performance drop when using tf - idf and logistic features . the hn - sa model shows a slight performance improvement over the plain bow model , but still performs substantially worse than other models . we conjecture that this is due to the lower performance on datasets with fewer training examples . moreover , all the models we consider have different feature sets that contribute differently to the model performance . the most interesting ones are the bag of means and logistic features , which significantly improve performance . however , the biggest performance gain is obtained by the svm feature , which bridges the gap between bow and bow with respect to semantic features . this corroborates our intuition that semantic features are important for boosting performance .
results are shown in table 1 , the best performing approach is irnet , which achieves 62 . 7 % accuracy on the standard seq2seq test set compared to the previous state - of - the - art approach , syntaxsqlnet ( 25 . 8 % vs . 25 . 7 % ) and bert ( 25 . 0 % ) with an absolute improvement of 2 . 2 % over the best previous approach . next , we compare our approach with the approaches described in section 1 . 2 . the results are presented in table 1 , where bert outperforms all the other approaches except for typesql , which obtains a performance drop of 1 . 3 % compared to our approach .
table 2 shows the performance of our approach compared to previous state - of - the - art neural networks on the test set for hard , easy , medium and extra subsets . syntaxsqlnet achieves the best performance with an accuracy of 42 . 9 % on the hard subset , while irnet achieves 71 . 3 % accuracy . next , we compare our approach with ( bert ) and irnet ( bert ) . the difference between accuracy on the two baselines is less pronounced on the medium and hard subsets , indicating that the neural network approaches are more suitable for this task .
table 3 shows the performance of our approach with respect to exact matching accuracy on the development set of semql . our approach outperforms all the other approaches that are learned to generate sql queries . syntaxsqlnet even achieves gains over the best previous state - of - the - art approach , semqlnet , with a boost of 14 . 5 % in accuracy compared to seq2seq . ( table 3 ) the difference is most prevalent in relation to attention layer , which gives a performance gain of 6 . 7 % overall and a performance boost of 3 . 9 % on semql queries . attention layer also improves performance by 2 . 8 % overall , which shows that the attention layer is important for the generation of accurate matching .
table 3 shows that bert and esim significantly improve their performance on the supports and refutes cases from the fever dev set and on the generated pairs for the symmetric test set in the setting of without ( base ) and with ( r . w ) re - weight . the difference in accuracy between the baselines is minimal , but significant enough to show that the bert classifiers are well - equipped to distinguish between the true response and negative responses .
the performance of the models on the training and development set is presented in table 1 . all models trained on the unsupervised dataset have exactly one error according to our lmi metric . the difference is most prevalent in the development set , where all models except for one consistently show significant ( p < 0 . 05 ) difference .
results on the newsqa development set of a bidaf model finetuned with a 2 - stage synnet ( mnewsqa ) on squad are shown in table 3 . the improvements are significant , both in terms of match rate and span f1 score ( differences are statistically significant with t - test , p < 0 . 01 ) . the difference is most striking in the accuracy on mnewsqa , which shows that the finetuning approach significantly boosts the general performance .
table 1 compares the performance of our seq2seq model with the best performing state - of - the - art models on the training and test sets . our model achieves the best results with a 17 . 41 % achieved rate on average compared to both the best - performing baseline models and the average number of turns taken to achieve the goal .
table 3 shows the percentage of pos tags for each type and its average number of tokens for each word type . our system outperforms all the state - of - the - art systems on all metrics except for fertility , indicating the performance reach the upper boundary of its performance .
the results are shown in table 3 . semeval - 15 macro - f1 accuracy and precision on the word analogy test set and semisupervised he et al . ( 2018b ) . the results reconfirm that the semantic features extracted by the lstm + synatt + tarrep transformation are quite useful , improving upon the performance of previous approaches . bilstm - 104 sentence training outperforms our approach , and achieves state - of - the - art results on the semantic test set , while surpassing our approach in accuracy . the results of svm and svm + a compare favorably to previous work on both datasets , showing the advantage of finetuning word analogies during training .
table 4 shows exact match and span f1 results on the newsqa test set of a bidaf model finetuned with a 2 - stage synnet . the results are shown in bold . aner and aor refers to using the human - annotated answers to generate questions . all refers to the approach described in section 2 . 2 . 2 and refers to how much of the paragraph we use for question synthesis . 2 − sent and all refer to using two sentences before answer span and the entire paragraph span of the question , respectively , to synthesize the answers . while the results show that the aner approach outperforms the aoracle approach , it has the advantage of using more mini - batches , which allows more questions to be synthesized in a single batch .
table 3 presents the results for es2en , khresmoi and en2es on the health and bio datasets . all - biomed models outperform their disjoint counterparts on all three datasets except for bio . bio is significantly better than health , both on both datasets in terms of transfer learning schedule and overall performance , while health is slightly better than bio on all datasets but still performing substantially worse than en2en .
uniform ensemble outperforms all - biomed ensembles except for khresmoi ( table 3 ) . health and bio are relatively consistent across all datasets , with the exception of en2en , while test en2es suffers from low precision . all - biomedical ensemble outperform uniform ensemble except for on the es2en dataset , which shows the advantage of redundancy removal .
in table 4 we report bleu scores for all models used in english - german language pair submissions . our uniform ensemble outperforms the all - biomed ensemble and the uniform ensemble variant of khresmoi et al . ( table 4 ) . bi ensemble ( with α = 0 . 5 ) shows a significant performance drop compared to uniform ensemble ( p < 0 . 01 ) on all but one of the test cases , confirming the competitiveness of the uniform ensembling .
uniform ensembling outperforms bi with varying smoothing factor on the wmt19 test data . bi significantly outperforms uniform ensembles and de2en , showing that tokenization differences do not impact model performance . we find that the uniform ensemble performs better than the de2de ensemble under all three smoothing factors , indicating that the advantage of tokenization is more than offset by the cost of loss of performance in uniform ensemble .
bleu scores of all training and test sets are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art on both datasets with two tasks .
results on the test set are shown in table 3 . our uniform model outperforms all the other models except for gaussian , confirming the effectiveness of our ensemble model .
bleu scores on the development set are shown in table 2 . uniform models outperform the processed ones and the uniform ensemble , indicating that the training set size and type of mt are important factors in model performance . however , the difference between uniform and processed mt is less pronounced , showing that the quality of the ensembles can be improved with a reasonable selection of the training data .
the results are shown in table 1 . we show the performance of our system with respect to diversity and similarity . as the results show , the diversity baseline significantly boosts the performance for all datasets , especially for datasets that are lexical or part - of - speech examples . syntactic examples are much more diverse than word analogy , confirming the importance of word analogy . part - ofspeech examples are distinctive from other kinds of examples in terms of accuracy and completeness , however , are significantly less diverse than other forms of speech ,
the results for the second variation of our hosg model are shown in table 3 . we show the performance on the topic and object extraction using the best performing feature set . our model outperforms all the base methods except for triframes watset ( 2014 ) and cotterell et al . ( 2017 ) . the difference is most prevalent in the f1 score , which shows the performance at the cost of losing accuracy on the part - ofspeech task . the results are broken down in terms of syntactic and semantic features . the most interesting ones are the word " subject " , " object " and " frame " . our model obtains the best performance on all three metrics .
evaluation results on the dataset of polysemous verb classes by korhonen et al . ( 2003 ) are shown in table 4 . the most representative of the baselines is k - means , followed by nipu , lda - frames , and hosg . we observe that all the base models perform similarly to the strong baselines except for the triframes watset embeddings , which are comparable to the strongest baselines in terms of syntactic quality .
the results in table 1 show that rr and rrfr achieve comparable performances on the 11 - point iap test set , with the exception of rrfr ' s 2stepstep performance which is significantly worse than rr ' s 1step performance . the performance gap between french - english and german - english is narrower than that between spanish - english ,
the performance of our method compared to the baselines on the 11 - point iap test set in french - english is shown in table 4 . the difference in performance between rr and rrfr is minimal , indicating that the method is well - equipped to perform at the state of the art .
table 3 presents the full dataset of scientific journals that cover biology and chemistry . the abstracts contain full - length , open - access journal articles about biology . jnlpba contains 593 , 590 abstracts and abstracts containing 39 , 590 articles about biological and chemical entities . craft contains 561 , 015 abstracts , and 39 , 555 articles about chemical entity types . wetlab contains 220 , 618 abstracts . from the reuters rcv1 corpus , 325 , 418 are descriptions of entity types and 21 object - based entity types , which are used to describe the actions taken by researchers to derive a statement or a conclusion . we also include 39 , 618 example sentences describing the process and molecular functions of biology .
correlation coefficients are shown in table 4 . the coefficients vary between - 1 ( negative correlation ) and 1 ( positive correlation ) . zero means no correlation . wvv has the highest correlation with tvc , indicating that its pretrained models are more effective in predicting similarity . the ppl model is comparable but inferior to tvc in terms of performance .
table 5 compares the performance of our best performance pretrained models with the publicly available ones , which are pretrained on much larger corpora . our model outperforms all the other pretrained ones except for jnlpba , which is substantially better at predicting human - generated word vectors . the best performance is obtained by conll2003 , which pretrained its lms on a single corpora containing 10 , 000 words . its lms are comparable to the best performance of elmo and glove embeddings .
we observe that the hyperparameter setting has a significant impact on the effectiveness of our pretrained word vectors . the results are shown in table 6 , it can be seen that both the domain - adaptive and domain - aware word vectors are significantly better at predicting human - generated word vectors with the appropriate hyperparameters in the correct domain . moreover , the difference is much narrower than in our original embeddings , showing that the semantic information injected into the word vectors by the additional parameter ‘ def ’ is quite effective .
table 3 shows the percentage of discrepancies in context - agnostic translation caused by deixis ( excluding anaphora ) caused by different speaker or addressee gender . it is clear from table 3 that there is a significant imbalance caused by the presence of gender differences in the translation . the most prevalent type of discrepancy is the t - v distinction , which affects 73 % of the translations . other than this , there are no significant differences in frequency or gender .
table 1 shows the evaluation results on subsets of event and timex3 × event relation pairs for the training data of thyme dev ( in f - measure ) . all models trained on the fixed initialization set receive decent performance ; however , rc with sglr is inferior to rc with random initialization . rc models using sg initialization perform significantly worse than rc ( sg initializations ) on all but 500 + training data . when using sg initializations , the performance gap between rc ( fixed initialization ) and rc ( sglr ) is much larger . finally , we observe that rc models utilizing sglrs perform slightly better than rc without sg initialization .
table 3 presents the results of rc with and without specialized resources . with specialized resources , rc ( random initialization ) and rc ( sg initialization ) achieves best results , outperforming both the best previous work on tempeval and leeuwenberg et al . ( 2016 ) by a noticeable margin . rc with sg initialization achieves the best results with a gap of 3 . 9 ± 0 . 2 points from the previous best performance . the results reconfirm that the sg initialization step is crucial for the rc model to achieve outstanding results . when using rc with random initialization , the model suffers from predicting entity entities and entity entities , leading to incorrect predictions of entities and entities . fortunately , this gap is less pronounced when using sg initialization
table 3 shows the error analysis results on 50 fp and 50 fn ( random from test ) for different settings . all error categories are statistically significant with respect to rc and fn , and are not mutually exclusive . however , the most significant ones are frequent and error - prone areas , which indicate that sg initialization has a significant impact on rc performance . in addition , all errors are caused by errors along with sentence boundaries .
results for all the models on the three datasets in our experiment are shown in table 2 . the results show that ling significantly improves over random and ling + n2v on all sentiment and hate speech tests except for the case of " frequency " . note particularly the improvement on hate speech test set compared to ling and random , which shows that the gat model can learn to distinguish between positive and negative sentiment . in addition , the ling model shows a significant improvement on the correlation test set for all three sentiment tests except " stance " .
most of the words for most of the languages are already known but still there is a minor percentage of words which are known to belong to the wrong language group . most of these are in the unclassified category ( e . g . english , french , dutch , italian , turkish , russian ) and turkish .
table 4 shows the most prevalent errors caused by ellipsis in context - agnostic translation . specifically , most errors are caused by wrong morphological forms ( vp - ellipsis ) , which result in significant ( 66 % ) discrepancies in translation quality . other errors cause minor discrepancies ( 14 % ) and are rare but significant enough to cause significant errors .
results are shown in table 1 . the models show that their accuracy on the sst - 2 dev set is comparable to the best previous state - of - the - art models . however , the difference in f - m between bow + logreg and bilstm models is much smaller . this indicates that the difference between means of predicted positive class probabilities and actual class probabilities caused by bonferroni correction is much larger .
the results of the second variation of the experiment on the rgb and wm18 datasets are shown in table 2 . we observe that compared to the original embeddings , the seen and unseen pairings are comparable in both cosine and semantic similarity . however , the difference is much narrower on the wm18 dataset , both in terms of similarity and sd , which indicates that the presence of additional features in the ensemble masking operation may impact the performance of the model .
bleu scores for the models trained with concat and s - hier - to - 2 . 5 are shown in table 6 . the concatenated model outperforms the baseline model by a noticeable margin . concat also improves over the baseline with p < 0 . 01 , which shows that the concatenation task is easier for the model to perform .
table 2 shows the f & c dataset size . all labels represent the original dataset with all the labels . subset labels are the subset labels which are inferable by the resource . the size of the dataset is shown in table 2 . it consists of 12 , 012 training and test files , and 6 , 007 test files . subset labels are the labels that are inferred from the training dataset but are not present in the test dataset .
the results on the noun comparison datasets are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms all the state - of - the - art models in terms of f & c clean test set and new data test set , while performing slightly better on the majority and three - distance test sets .
results on the relative dataset are shown in table 5 . our model outperforms previous work on both accuracy and chance by a significant margin . the difference is most prevalent in the accuracy compared to bagherinezhad et al . ( 2018 ) , which shows that the transfer method is comparable to state - of - the - art transfer methods used in previous work . on the relative dataset , our model achieves an accuracy of 0 . 858 , which surpasses previous work by 3 . 5 points .
intrinsic evaluation shows that our proposed median falls within range of the objects which our proposed algorithm can handle , and that it is accurate to estimate the number of objects that fall within this range , given the dimension . we observe that the performance of our method is comparable to the best previous approaches across all three baselines .
the results of rc5 , rc10 and rc20 show that all pca components are significantly associated with instances of satire . first person singular pronoun incidence is the most significant part of the analysis , followed by paragraph clustering and word concreteness . next , we notice that the ratio of casual particles to causal verbs is relatively high , indicating that there is a substantial overlap between the two groups of words that are considered to be in the context of the joke , and those that are not . we observe that the presence of grammatical gender - neutral pronouns in the sentence structure is also significant , but only when they are considered in combination with other grammatical or syntactic patterns . finally , we see that part - ofspeech patterns are the most frequently associated with tweets in the complaint corpus . a notable exception is the case of hypernymy , which is associated with only 1 . 3 % of complaints in the rc20 dataset .
results are shown in table 2 for bert pre - trained models trained on the headlines , body and full text . the best performing model is bold bert , which significantly boosts precision and recalls ( p < 0 . 01 ) and f1 ( r > 0 . 1 ) .
concat concat model outperforms deixis and s - hier - to - 2 . 0 on the lexical cohesion test set , confirming the effectiveness of the concatenation model . the results are shown in table 4 . concat models outperform deixi - based models in all but one of the three contexts ( except for the last one ) except for the context in which cadec is tested .
table 3 presents the results of bert classification for fake news and satire articles using the baseline multinomial naive bayes method , the linguistic cues of text coherence and semantic representation with a pre - trained bert model . the results are marked with ’ * ’ for statistically significant differences and ’ ( cid : 01 ) significant differences with the baseline ( p < 0 . 01 ) for all models trained on the test set . for coh - metrix , we report the mean precision , recall , and f1 scores of the best performing models , and the mean f1 score of the worst performing ones .
table 1 shows the f1 scores of all the methods for aida - b on the test set of hotpotqa in the distractor and fullwiki setting . the ment - norm model ( with k = 1 ) significantly outperforms the comparably trained guorobust model ( 87 . 7 % ) and k16 - 1025 model ( 91 . 0 % ) in terms of f1 score . rel - norm , on the other hand , obtains a slight improvement ( 92 . 5 % ) over the ment norm on aida - b . ment - norm is comparable to the strong baselines on both datasets .
table 3 presents the test set of msnbc , aquaint , cweb and wiki on the msnbc test set . our model outperforms all the other methods except for guorobust , which shows the advantage of cross - domain learning . the difference is most prevalent on msnbc , where our model ( d17 - 1276 ) obtains 93 . 2 % average improvement over the previous best state - of - the - art model , rel - norm , by 3 . 9 % on average .
the performance of the proposed lstm - based variants with the traditional cross - validation setup is shown in table 2 . bilstm achieves unrealistically high performance in terms of uar and κ ( normalized by the number of sub - dialogues ) , confirming the effectiveness of our approach . we observe that , when using the best performing cross - valetization scheme , the model performs optimally across the train and test sets , and in the test set as well . though the performance is high , it should be noted that we do not consider the impact of overlapping sub - values due to the high overlap of the training and test set , which could potentially lead to incorrect inference .
table 8 shows the performance of our model on the ellipsis test set . our concat model outperforms all the other models that do not use concat embeddings .
the performance of the proposed lstm - based variants with the dialogue - wise cross - validation setup is shown in table 3 . the bilstm with attention mechanism performs best in all evaluation metrics . we observe that it achieves the best performance with an accuracy of 0 . 86 on the uar metric and 0 . 93 on the ea metric , which shows that the attention mechanism is effective in boosting performance to state - of - the - art results . the models by rach et al . ( 2017 ) , ( rasmussen et al . , 2017 ) and ( ultes et al . ) ( 2015 ) achieve high performance on both evaluation metrics , confirming the effectiveness of the cross validation setup .
evaluation of our models for ner performance with our dataset . we report f1 - measure results over the test portion of our dataset averaged over 10 replications of the training with the same hyper parameters . the results are shown in table 1 . our joint model improves significantly over the previous state - of - the - art model on the test dataset with a gap of 10 . 3 % in mean f1 measurement compared to the previous work . in addition , the model improves by 3 % over the best previous state of the art model .
evaluation of our models for md performance is shown in table 2 . as in the ner evaluation , we report accuracies over the test dataset averaged over 10 replications of the training . our joint model obtains the best performance with a mean accuracy of 88 . 61 % , which shows that the model can easily distinguish between the true response and negative responses .
performance of our models on the fasttext and glove datasets compared with the state - of - the - art baseline models is shown in table 1 . adding knowledge graph information to the base models shows an absolute improvement of 4 . 2 % in performance over the performance of prior work ( romanov and shivade , 2018 ) . on the other hand , the accuracy remains the same ( by a margin of 0 . 7 % in fasttext ) and kg + sentiment information shows a marginal improvement of 1 . 2 % . on adding sentiment information , we were able to improve these results to 78 . 76 % , a performance improvement of 2 . 67 % over the previous state of the art . bioelmo shows an accuracy improvement of 3 . 79 % over previous work ( jin et al . , 2019 ) and further improves to 79 . 04 %
results for different probabilities of using corrupted reference at training time . for ellipsis , we show inflection / vp scores . for deixis and lexical embeddings , we also show bleu and lex . score improvements . with respect to the latter , we note that the model performs better on the corrected reference with a lower probability than with the original reference .
the accuracy of the traditional classifier in phase 2 given documents from seen classes only . it achieves 50 % accuracy on the 20news dataset , which shows significant improvement over the performance of the state - of - the - art dbpedia classifier .
the results are shown in table 1 . after applying the augmentation , both our model ( ours ) and glove w / o augmentation achieve outstanding results in terms of general and fine p scores . the difference is most prevalent in fine p , which shows that fine - tuning has a significant impact on predicting fine - particularities . in addition , it improves the general and ultra - fine f1 scores significantly , both on average and in absolute terms , over the best baseline model .
table 2 presents the performance of our method with respect to entity augmentation and labelgcn on the test set of bert - base . our model achieves substantial gains over the naive approach by de - augmenting the entity typing task with glove and elmo ( see xiong et al . , 2018 ) . moreover , our method verifies the effectiveness of our domain - aware filtering and relabeling scheme , which improves the performance by nearly it achieves over naive augmentation .
the results of the best performing approaches are shown in table 1 . the filtered and overlap approaches outperform the raw data approach , confirming the effectiveness of our heuristic baseline . our proposed approach outperforms all the base the results reconfirm that the heuristic baselines , when combined with effective domain labelling , are a strong baseline for prediction quality on the synthetic dataset .
table 3 compares our model with prior work on the hidden test set of bert - base and mi - f1 . the results are presented in bold . our model achieves state - of - the - art results , outperforming all the previous work on both sets by a noticeable margin .
the average number of types added or deleted by the relabeling function per example is shown in table 5 . it can be seen that the filtering function takes a considerable amount of time to add and remove examples , as shown in the right - most column . however , it is able to do this relatively faster than fine - tuning , indicating that the quality of the filtering is relatively high . the filtering function also reduces the number of examples that are discarded by a significant margin .
the message and response are presented in table 1 , while the context and group representation are in table 2 . the ubuntu and samsung qa datasets are identical in both cases , except for the case of ubuntu - v1 , which is broken down into 10 , 000 training instances and consists of 35 , 609 messages and 35 , 517 responses . as the comparison of the two datasets shows , both are comparable in terms of performance with the number of messages and responses , but the difference is much narrower . both datasets yield comparable results on the training and test set , however the difference between test set and actual test set is much smaller . this indicates that the performance reach the same level on both datasets when training and testing .
the results of the best performing models are shown in table 1 . we present the results for ubuntu - v1 , 10r @ 1 , 2r @ 2 and 5r @ 5 . the best performing model is tf - idf , which outperforms all the other models except bimpm ( henderson et al . , 2016 ) . in all but one case , the difference is greater than 0 . 5 points .
the results of the experiments on the ubuntu - v2 and lstm test set are shown in table 5 . all models show improvements on the test set except for rnn - cnn , which shows severe performance drop compared to cnn in terms of attention . the difference is most prevalent in the 10r @ 1 test set , where rnn ( 0 . 9 % ) outperforms all the other models except for compagg [ 3 ] , which shows significant performance improvement under cnn supervision . finally , the results of compagg outperform all the mod table 5 shows that it is better at selecting the relevant features and applying these features to the task at hand .
the results for the samsung qa dataset are shown in table 5 . our han models outperform all the stateof - the - art methods except tf - idf in both 2r @ 1 and 10r @ 5 tasks . in both cases , the difference is much narrower than that between rde ( 0 . 8 % ) and rde - ltc ( 1 . 1 % ) indicating that the performance gain comes from a better model design . finally , our han model outperforms the best previous state of the art on both datasets in terms of overall performance .
table 2 compares the performance of our model with the baselines on the meteor and rouge - l datasets . our iwaqg model outperforms both published and unpublished work on every metric by a significant margin . the results are shown in bold . the model achieves state - of - the - art results on all metrics except bleu - 3 , which shows severe overfitting by our qg module . on the other hand , it performs relatively better than most of the published work , showing that the quality of the qg modules can be improved with a reasonable selection of the training data .
the results of bleu - 1 , bleud - 3 and meteor on the " only qg " dataset are shown in table 4 . all models show marked performance drops in the accuracy compared to the best previous state - of - the - art models except for iwaqg ( 73 . 8 % ) , which shows a slight improvement under the supervision of trained models .
table 4 shows the recall of interrogative words for the qg model without our interrogative - word classifier in zhao et al . ( 2018 ) . the lower bound on the upper bound shows that the iwaqg model is better at selecting the most interesting conversational utterances and its output is more interpretable . on the other hand , it is inferior to both the upper and lower bound bounds on predicting events when they occur , confirming the effectiveness of the classifier .
table 6 shows the ablation study results of our interrogative - word classifier . our at - based classifier achieves 73 . 3 % accuracy , which considerably outperforms the performance of the state - of - the - art classifiers using only ner and ae .
table 7 shows the recall and precision of interrogative words of our interrogative - word classifier . what we learned is that the classifier is able to learn the most basic facts about the human interrogative word analogies with 87 . 7 % accuracy and 76 . 8 % precision compared to the previous state of the art .
in table 1 we report the statistics on forests generated with various γ ( upper half ) and k ( lower half ) on the development set . as shown in the table , las and k represent the average of the quality of the edge nodes , respectively , and the number of nodes per edgenode , respectively . we observe that las has higher quality than k , confirming the importance of the las quality in the generation of decent trees .
the results of our model compared to previous state - of - the - art models on biocreative vi cpr are shown in table 2 . edgewiseps outperforms the textonly and kbesteisnerps models by a noticeable margin . the gap is narrower than between the two baselines , but still significant . gru + attn outperforms bran and liu ( 2017 ) by a significant margin ,
the results on pgr testest are shown in table 3 . our kbesteisnerps model outperforms all the stateof - the - art models except bo - lstm ( lamurias et al . , 2019 ) by 3 . 6 points in f1 score . further , edgewiseps outperforms textonly by 3 points in significance . the results of biobert by 2 points are slightly better than kbesteisnerps ,
the results on semeval - 2010 testest are shown in table 4 . our c - aggcn model outperforms all the previous models with a gap of 10 . 8 points from the last published results ( zhang et al . , 2018b ) on the f1 score .
the results are shown in table 1 . the most striking thing about the results is that , compared to pcnn , cnn and hatt , training with katt boosts precision on the training instances and boosts recall scores over pretrained cnn models . moreover , the model with the most training instances is significantly better at predicting events in the deep layers of the network , confirming the effectiveness of clustering .
the results of ablation study with pcnn are shown in table 2 . word2vec outperforms the best previous approaches with a gap of 10 . 5 bleu on the training set and 15 . 8 katt on the validation set . the difference is most prevalent in the accuracy on katt dataset , which shows that the katt - trained models are better at selecting the relevant lexical features and performing the task better when trained with gold n - grams instead of hier nodes . moreover , the difference is much narrower than that with katt and hier nodes , showing that the clustering quality of the training data is high .
we observe that path2vec and node2vec achieve remarkably similar results to human judgments ( cf . table 1 ) . in fact , their performances are comparable to those of lch and wup ( p < 0 . 01 ) . further , the similarity is stronger than in either case when we consider the average number of iterations of embeddings , indicating that the model performs better in the training set . the similarity is most pronounced in the wup dataset , which shows the extent to which the semantic features extracted by prefixing with prefixes match human judgments .
table 3 compares the results of our graph - based vs vector - based measures and random sense measures compared to the best previous approaches . we show that our approach significantly outperforms the baselines on all three metrics except for senseval3 , which is significantly worse than the previous state - of - the - art model .
the results on the rareword set are shown in table 3 . we report spearman ' s ρ × 100 score for both in - vocabulary and out - ofvocabulary embeddings , for both languages , for which we trained varembed on a 20 - million token dataset , and polyglot on a 1 . 7b - token dataset . the results are qualitatively very similar , with variations of only 0 . 01 % on average compared to the performance of " all " . mimicking instances of words from the same vocab helps the model to improve its performance , but does not improve significantly in terms of similarity with the original tokens . adding the mimick feature improves the results marginally , but only marginally .
table 3 compares our system with state - of - the - art ontonotes - trained and unsupervised systems . we benchmark against the following baselines : bleu , mtr ( which relies on word2vec embeddings ) , len , and oracle reteval . the results are shown in table 3 . system reteval significantly improves the performance of both mtr and len with a noticeable margin . retrieving documents from oracle databases improves the results for both systems . the performance gap is narrower with respect to system and domain - aware retrieval compared to previous work .
the results of both systems are shown in table 1 . both systems outperform the best previous approaches with two tasks . the difference is most prevalent in the no - char dataset , followed by psg , with a gap of 10 . 59 % on average compared to previous work . in comparison , the gap between kk and ta is narrower than in previous work , confirming the competitiveness of the kk model . with the exception of kk , all other models perform similarly to the previous state of the art .
the results for the models trained on the no - char and full data datasets are shown in table 1 . both kk and ta outperform their counterparts in terms of generalization ability . the difference is most prevalent in the performance on the training data , where kk consistently shows much worse performance than both ta and hu , while ta obtains the best results on the full data dataset .
table 3 shows the results for the english , spanish , french , dutch , russian and turkish test sets . as the table shows , all the subtasks had missing embeddings or were unigrammatical , leading to a drop in performance between 0 . 2 % and 0 . 5 % in performance for all the models .
table 1 presents the performance of our model on each error generation algorithm for english , german , french , spanish , italian , dutch , russian and turkish . the results are presented in bold . our model outperforms all the baselines except for linguistic model performance in all but one case where it is trained on a single scenario .
table 3 compares our model with previous state - of - the - art decoder and decoder systems . our decoder performs comparably to both the best - performing and worst - performing decoders . our model achieves mrr and p @ 1 scores over the baselines on both datasets with a gap of 10 . 45 points from the baseline .
table 3 shows the results for human and linguistic test sets . the results are presented in unsupervised mode . human error is much lower than that in both languages . in fact , it is much worse than in any other classifier we consider . in all but one of the comparisons , there are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) differences in the error rates for human , and all the other classifiers show that human is more likely to make errors .
the results of bert and word2vec compared to glove on the keller dobj and keller amod test set are shown in table 1 . the results are broken down in terms of performance on the training and test set . bert ( static ) is significantly less likely to be found to be friendly than its dynamic counterparts . on the other hand , bert is significantly more likely to classify itself as friendly when trained and tested on the benchmark dataset . word2vec embeddings are comparable to bert in both aspects , but do not outperform it in the test set , likely in part due to the training data size . elmo is comparable , but slightly worse than bert , both on the dobj test set and the average of the benchmark score ,
the results of the best performing models on the word2vec test set are shown in table 1 . in all but one of the comparisons , the model with d - embedding embeddings outperforms the model without embedding . the difference is most prevalent in the adjective category , where dobj significantly outperforms dobj dovec with an absolute boost of 2 . 3 % on average compared to the baseline model . glove - embedded models outperform both dobj and nsubj dovec except for in the case of glove where they perform slightly better on average . on the other hand , in the more realistic glove dataset , dobj performs slightly better than dobj but still lag significantly behind dobj on all the metrics except for the verb .
comparison of mwe against elmo and bert on the ws task is reported in table 4 . overall performance , embedding dimension , and training time ( days ) on a single gpu are reported . elmo significantly outperforms bert in all aspects except for the training time . mwe shows much better performance in the embeddings dimension compared to elmo ,
table 5 compares the performance of different training strategies . we find that the adversarial optimization approach outperforms the baselines significantly in both averaged spa and overall ws ( differences are statistically significant with t - test , p < 0 . 01 ) . in addition , the difference between the average weighted f1 score of the training strategies is less pronounced when λ = 0 , indicating that the training strategy employing only integer linear programming is more effective .
in table 3 we present the results of single transformers trained to convergence on 1m wat ja - en , batch size 4096 and update epochs . the results are presented in terms of bleu and learning rate . linearized derivation has a significantly higher learning rate compared to plain bpe , indicating that it is better at selecting the correct derivation points and its derivation quality is better in the production set . as shown in the table , the performance drop from linearized to plain derivation is less pronounced when the batch size is increased from 1 to 8 .
table 4 shows the performance of our method with single models on the ja - en test set . our model improves over the previous state - of - the - art on both architecture and representation using the best wat17 result .
in table 5 we report improvements on the test bleu baseline for both internal and external representations . linearized derivation ( lin - svm ) and bootstrap resampling ( koehn et al . , 2007 ) produce significant improvements ( p < 0 . 05 ) on the plain bpe baseline , which shows significant improvement on the internal representation of the psms in the ja - en transformer ensembles . however , the biggest improvement is seen on the external representation , where pos / bpe improves by 3 . 3 % over the baseline . this shows that the derivation quality of the tree - based psms is significantly better than that of the derivational ones .
table 3 shows the test set ' s performance on english , french , dutch , russian and turkish . " basic " and " split " models outperform all the other models except unk , which shows the advantage of word embeddings with fewer training examples . " unk " consistently shows lower performance than " split " model , indicating that the training data quality is less than the performance of the pre - trained models . all the models except " basic " significantly outperform " split " .
table 3 shows the performance of all models compared to the baseline on the 20 % held - out validation data . our dnn model outperforms all the other models except for spmrl in terms of perf , r & f and average coverage percentage . the difference is most prevalent in the high - frequency f1 score , which indicates that dnn is better at selecting the relevant features and its output is more interpretable .
for completeness , here we also compare against the best previous state - of - the - art models , namely , wikipedia5k , spmrl and wiki5k . the results are presented in table 1 . all models show significant improvements in performance with the help of word embeddings . the most striking ones are the results of " - expansion " and " - letters " models , which considerably reduce recall . furthermore , all models show a drop in performance compared to " - lexicon " . the only exception is the " lexicon " model , which shows a slight improvement .
table 3 shows the maximum perturbation space size in the sst and ag news test set using word / character substitutions , which is the maximum number of forward passes per sentence to evaluate in the exhaustive verification . as shown in the table , sst - word and ag - character have completely opposing predictions ( i . e . name a vs . name b ) on only one sentence in the test set , so there is no advantage to substituting them for each other in the evaluation .
the results of the best models are shown in table 1 . predicate word - level accuracy on the oracle and sst - word - level test sets . in both cases , the best model is the one that applies the best classifier , namely , ag - char - level . the difference is most prevalent in the accuracy on oracle , where it beats all the other models apart from the adversarial variant . regularization has a generally positive effect on prediction performance , however it is unable to improve significantly over adversarial mode . further , training on adversarial data actually hurts predictive performance , leading to a drop of more than 2 % in accuracy over the baseline model . the best results are obtained by the sst word - level algorithm , which verifies the effectiveness of data augmentation .
the results of the best models are shown in table 1 . the most representative ones are bigru - att , han , and hier - bert , which significantly outperform all the other models except bow - svm . in all but one of the comparisons , the non - anonymized model outperforms the other two . anonymized models perform better than anonymous ones . not only that , but the difference is much narrower than in the other comparisons . han outperforms all the models except bert , which obtains a performance improvement of 1 . 2 ± 3 . 0 points over the best previous model .
comparison of the best performing labeling strategies using many - to - one mapping for target languages with available test data , using 500 clusters or number of states . we show in table 1 that our tagger model outperforms the best previous approaches by a noticeable margin . the difference is shown in percentage points . tagger outperforms both seq . net and e - kmeans model in all but one case . in addition , the difference is less pronounced for marlin , indicating that the marlin model is better at selecting the correct target language and its distinctive features .
parallelism test set f1 shows that the cipher - avg variants outperform the plain text variants in terms of all comparisons except for en , where it is significantly better than en .
table 3 shows that our combined cipher grounder ( cipher - avg ) and a supervised tagger ( supervised tagger ) perform comparably to the best previous approaches . the difference in precision ( p ) and recall ( r ) is minimal , but significant in terms of precision and f1 scores , indicating that the combined tagger is more than comparable to the performance of the original noun tag .
table 4 shows the impact of grounded unsupervised pos tagging on mal . we observe that it has a significant impact on the generalization performance of uas and las , both for " normal " and " error " uas , as measured by the number of test tags and the average number of iterations for each test tag , i . e . gold uas has the best performance while silver uas is the worst .
table 3 presents the results of model test sets on the uas and las datasets . our model outperforms all the stateof - the - art models on both datasets with two tasks . it significantly boosts performance on the fr and pt uas datasets , and on the sv las dataset , both when trained and tested on the golbeck et al . ( 2018 ) benchmark set . the model with the best performance is the it uas , outperforming all the other models except guo , whose performance is significantly lower than on the gold and guo datasets .
the most representative models are bow - svm , bigru - att and han , which considerably outperform the models by a noticeable margin . the results are shown in table 1 . overall and r1 scores are significantly better than those of any other model , both when trained and tested on the same dataset ( henderson et al . 2008 ) . regularization is beneficial for both groups , improving performance on the shorter - term training data and on the longer - term test data . it improves the recall scores on both recurrent and frequent data , both for the overall and the r1 score , and consistently shows improvements over the best previous models .
table 3 presents the results for german , spanish , french , italian , dutch , russian and turkish . the first group shows the performance of our model on the training dataset and the test set for each language . from left to right each row displays the number of tokens for each training and test set , the percentage of tokens in question for each domain and the time period in which the training data was last updated .
the performance of each method compared to the state - of - the - art on the test set is presented in table 4 . we present detailed results on the five domains . our model der outperforms all the other methods except for is , which is significantly better than our baseline on all but one of the test sets . on the other hand , it closely matches the performance of the best previous approaches .
table 4 shows the mean absolute error and spearman ’ s ρ for case importance . most importantly , both the majority and the majority cases have low correlation with the quality of the supervised learner , indicating that the majority case is of low importance .
table 3 presents the results of our final model on the fixed - tree and jamr - style datasets . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on both datasets with a gap of 10 . 8 % on average compared to the best previous work . the difference is most prevalent in the jama - style dataset , which shows the performance reach the best when using only the local edge , followed by the k & g edge decoder .
table 3 presents the results of the best performing feature - based commenting systems for english and spanish . our system outperforms all the state - of - the - art commenting systems in terms of all metrics on both datasets with two tasks . for english , the results are presented in table 3 .
results are shown in table 2 . the smaller performance gap between tsp - gen and jamr - gen under - performs all other approaches except for noinducedrule , which shows the advantage of domain - aware rule - based learning . noconceptrule and noreordermodel also outperform other approaches that rely on entity - aware rules . finally , all models show lower performance than tsp , indicating that the dependency based learning approach is more effective .
the results are shown in table 3 . our system outperforms the state - of - the - art on all metrics by a significant margin .
the distribution of the label distribution across training , test , and dev set is shown in table 2 . it can be observed that , compared to the test set , the dev set has the larger training set , which explains more about the imbalance in label distribution . however , the size of the training set also affects classification performance negatively , leading to incorrect labeling of some tweets as angry or sad .
table 1 shows the f1 scores of the test models and their harmonic means for happy , angry , sad , and happy subsets , compared to the best previous state - of - the - art models . hrlce outperforms all the other models in all three baselines except bert , which obtains the best performance in happy , despite performing slightly worse in sad . sld outperforms bert in all but happy , and its harmonic means are comparable to those of bert except for in sad , where it gets the worst performance .
the intrinsic evaluation results are shown in table 3 . our jamr agent outperforms all the other agents with a large margin . the difference is most prevalent in relation to accuracy on the alignment f1 test set , which shows that our enhanced embeddings significantly outperform oracle ’ s smatch feature set .
the parsing results of our aligner and our jamr parser are shown in table 4 . our aligner significantly improves the performance for all three domains , and for newswire embeddings as well .
the results are presented in table 3 . our ensemble shows that word only parsing and jamr alignment give a significant performance boost , while word only parsers give a performance drop . our ensemble significantly outperforms all the base models except for ba17 , which shows the advantage of using pre - trained word embeddings .
table 3 shows the performance of all models that we trained on the hidden test set . our proposed hgn outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on all metrics except for fp . the difference is most prevalent in the performance on pos1 , where hgn significantly outperforms all the previous models except fp . on the other hand , hgn models outperform all the alternatives except fp , which shows the advantage of scalability in low - supervision settings .
the results are shown in table 7 . gene and location accuracy are relatively consistent , with the exception of the case of " location eq . 5 " . the three types of cells that are most comparable to human judgement are : gene , location and cell type . from the table , we observe that all three types perform comparably to the human judgement . however , the difference between the average of the three is most prevalent in the " location " category , which shows that human judgement is more sensitive to variations in the type of cell type and its type of expression . finally , we see that the clustering quality of the gene and the location based prediction is relatively the same , indicating that humans are able to pick out the most relevant features based on their human judgement alone .
table 1 shows the f - score of all entity classes and their average number of tokens for annotation mode using the biocreative ii annotation scheme . all models show marked improvements in the quality compared to the previous state - of - the - art on all annotation modes .
in ontonotes , all coarse text types are represented in bold . the total number of examples for each category is 1 , 590 , 885 , which includes written and spoken word . from table 1 , we report that the written news corpus contains 68 , 6455 examples , while the spoken news corpus is 137 , 223 .
confusion matrix for test data classificationwe present the results of our final test set on the predicted sg and predicted pl datasets in table 2 . as can be seen , the difference between the actual and predicted sg is significant , which indicates that there is a significant imbalance in the quality of the predictions generated by the model predicting entity entities .
agreement patterns across genres are shown in table 3 . the most striking thing about the notional and verbal agreement patterns is that the strict genre is much more likely to have low agreement with the written word , while the spoken one is much closer to agreement . across all genres , there is a significant imbalance in the percentage of agreement between written and spoken word .
as shown in table 3 , there is a significant imbalance in the number of propositions per type in ampere . from a to z , 3 , 982 ( a total of 10 , 386 propositions ) are a - f1 and 1 , 911 ( 1 , 911 ) are non - a .
the results of the best performing models are shown in table 4 . bilstm - crf achieves significantly better proposition segmentation results than all the other models that are comparable in terms of f1 score . in fact , it is better than all comparisons except rst - parser , which gets a performance drop of 1 . 67 points from the previous state - of - the - art model . the results are marked with ∗ ( p < 10 − 6 ) in mcnemar test , indicating that the model performs significantly better than other methods .
table 3 compares the performance of our t - bilstm ( 2 ) - s model with previous state - of - the - art models on the fact - based and meantime datasets . the results are presented in bold . our model obtains the best performance on both datasets with a gap of 2 . 31 mae and 2 . 78 mae r from the previous state of the art model , lee et al . ( 2015 ) . the difference is most prevalent on the uw dataset , which shows the performance drop of more than 2 points in the regularization test set compared to previous work . the uds - ih2 model outperforms all the other models except for the one by stanovsky et al . , 2017 . on the other hand , it gets a slight improvement on the regularity test set , showing that the translation quality of our model is superior to the competition .
the results are shown in table 1 . with gold - standard segments and predicted segments , svm outperforms cnn and proplexicon in all aspects ( except for fact extraction ) . predicted and learned word embeddings outperform svm except for in the case of fact extraction . svm significantly outperforms predlexicon and cnn in terms of evaluation quality , req , fact extraction and quot metric ,
the model and its hyper - parameters are shown in table 1 . the b - lstm encoder is able to encode word vectors with apertures of 0 . 3 and 0 . 6 , respectively , which is comparable to the performance of the best state - of - the - art lstm ( kutuzov et al . , 2016 ) . the attention type and word vector dim are the most important hyperparameters for the model , followed by dropout and beam size . with these parameters , the model achieves the best performance with an f1 - score of 1 . 3 .
the results on the wmt17 it domain english - german ape test set are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the previous state - of - the - art models on both ter and bleu test sets . it closely matches the performance of the best previous work on both sets . the difference is most prevalent on the ter test set , where our model obtains a performance improvement of 2 . 48 points over the previous best state of the - art model .
the performance of the best setting for each property is shown in table 3 . word2vec embeddings significantly outperform glove and word2vec sg in all but one case . as can be seen , the difference between f1 and f1 is most prevalent in transportation domain , followed by cooccurrence and precision . in addition , all the window and dimension settings give a significant performance boost for transportation domains , which shows the advantage of redundancy removal . cooccurrence is the most consistent feature for all three domains , showing that the redundancy removal step is beneficial for the task at hand .
table 6 shows the mean predictions for linear ( l - bilstm - s ( 2 ) ) and tree models ( t - bilei - s ) on uds datasets with respect to relation extraction on the uds dataset . the tree models outperform the linear models both in terms of relation extraction and precision on both datasets .
the lexicons used as external knowledge are shown in table 1 . most of the words for the annotated lexicons are already known from other works ( cf . table 1 ) . however , there are still some words that are new to the lexicons that are not part of the standard lexicons or are not annotated at all .
the experimental results on sst - 5 , sent17 and irony18 are shown in table 3 . the results are broken down in terms of performance on similarity test set and concatenation test set . we observe that , compared to the baseline model , embelia and affine embeddings outperform their counterparts on all test sets except for sent17 , indicating that the latter have better correlation with human judgement . in addition , the results of concatenating test sets seem to indicate that the ability to reproduce the results obtained on sent17 is beneficial , improving upon the performance on the baseline but still performing substantially worse than affine . finally , we notice that the gate - based approach is comparable to the affine one , but performs slightly worse than the baseline on all tests except sent17 .
the results are shown in table 3 . we report mean linear and tree mae scores of the best models trained on the hidden test set and the average number of instances for each labeled entity for each mae level . we observe that , let alone a reduction in performance , can significantly improve the results for all models except for those trained on restricted mae . this indicates that the model design can rely on superficial cues .
the results in table 2 show that sigvac outperforms siguni and newsgroups on three of the four global metrics and on the new york times ' newsgroups dataset . the difference in coefficient of determination ( r2 ) is most prevalent in the coherence metric , which shows the difference in the quality of the matching annotations .
we include metrics measuring both local topic quality and global topic quality . the results are shown in table 3 . siguni outperforms all the other tools that aim to improve the quality of user - generated topic - word matching annotations . the difference in coefficient of determination ( r2 ) is most prevalent in the local metric , which shows that sigvac is better at selecting high - quality topics and its output is more interpretable . on the other hand , it is comparable to the performance of switchvi and switchvi + switchp on the newsgroups metrics , showing the advantage of domain - aware topic - aware programming .
table 3 shows the performance of our model compared to previous state - of - the - art methods on the hidden test set of kce . our model outperforms all the baselines except for kce ( - ef ) in terms of p @ 01 and p @ 10 , indicating that the performance gain is due to high correlation with the underlying data quality .
the performance of each feature group compared to the best previous state - of - the - art models on the training data is presented in table 1 . loc significantly boosts performance on all metrics for brevity and recall . specifically , it boosts precision on rn @ k9 and auc by 1 point in all cases except for in the case of frequency where it is only slightly superior .
table 7 shows the 50 instances from uds - ih2 - dev with highest absolute prediction error ( using h - bilstm ( 2 ) - multisim w / uds - iih2 ) . most of these instances have grammatical error present , incl . run - ons , as shown in table 7 . most of the errors are caused by errors in the word " error " .
in table 5 we show the cosine similarity of event entity pairs for the word2vec embeddings with respect to training instances . kce lists their closest kernel mean after training . the similarity shown in table 5 shows that the attack and arrest event have the highest correlation with the human judgement of similarity . the arrest event has the lowest correlation with human judgement , however , is comparable with the crime event . it is clear from table 5 that human judgement is important in predicting events .
the performance of bert models on the wt103 test set is presented in table 3 . we report both the average unique and total unique percentage of n - grams for each self - learnt word embeddings and the percentage of unique words in the self - attention tags for wt103 and wt103 . the results are presented in tables 3 and 4 . we present both the percentage and average unique marks for each classifier , as well as the tbc score of the model with the highest bert score . as a baseline , we also include the average of the bert model ' s average and average number of iterations to train the model . we benchmark against the following baselines : bert ( large ) ( 9 . 59 % ) and bert - nsp ( 10 . 59 % ) , which achieves the best performance with 62 . 43 % and 64 . 55 % unique marks , respectively , compared to the previous state of the art .
bert ( large ) and gpt ( small ) models generate 1000 sentences from the same corpus ( see table 3 ) . the quality metrics of each model generation are measured using the ppl metric reported in table 3 . bert is significantly better than gpt in terms of ppl , indicating that the translation quality obtained by gpt is superior to bert ' s on the wt103 and tbc datasets . interestingly , the gpt model is comparable in both quality metrics with the original corpus - bleu model .
table 3 presents the results on msnbc , aida - b , wiki , and ace2004 test sets . our model outperforms all the other methods except for hoffart et al . ( 2011a ) which shows significant performance drop on msnbc due to high overlap between unlab and original embeddings . on the other hand , it outperforms the best previous models by a noticeable margin . the results reconfirm that the ability to embed documents in unlabelled text is beneficial for the task , improving upon the performance by high margins .
as shown in table 2 , the model performs similarly when it is weakly and fully - supervised . the difference in f1 scores between the two sets is most prevalent in aida - a , which is our development set . on the other hand , it is comparable on msnbc , aquaint , ace2004 , and wiki datasets , and is comparable to the performance on wikipedia .
the results of the ablation study on aida conll development set are shown in table 3 . our model obtains the best performance with an f1 score of 88 . 42 on the five - run test set .
table 4 shows the performance of our model with respect to ner type on aida - a . our model shows that it is comparable to state - of - the - art models across all three ner types .
table 3 presents the results for english , german , french , dutch and dutch captions . our h - combined model outperforms all the base models except for mwe - based , which shows the advantage of finetuning word embeddings during training . the results are broken down in terms of performance on the three types of tokens . " all token " - based , " discontinuous " and " disambiguation " tokens are significantly better than " mwe " - based " tokens , indicating that the model design based on the best performing features is able to learn the task to a high degree . " discounting " tokens is beneficial , but does not improve the results significantly , indicating the performance of the model not learning the task well .
we show the performance of l - bilstm ( 2 ) - s and l - bilstmlstm + lexfeats , for predictions on events in uds - ih2 - dev that are xcomp - governed by an infinitival - taking verb . the results are shown in table 9 , it can be observed that the lstm models benefit from β - lexfeats by improving the precision of the predictions for decisions that are decided to , intend to , and get to ( from a single example ) .
in table 2 we compare the performance of our system with the best previous approaches on the discontinuous en , fr and fa datasets . the results are presented in terms of mwe - based f - score , which shows that our h - combined model outperforms all the baselines except the gcn - based model . the difference is most prevalent in the performance on fr dataset , where atilf - llf and shoma obtain higher f - scores than both the baseline models .
table 3 presents the performance of the models trained on the cola , sst and mrpc datasets . all the models tested on the data have exactly the same performance on the random and single - task datasets . the difference is most prevalent in the pretraining tasks category , where random tasks consistently outperform the other two types of tasks . in addition , the performance drop is much larger on the regular task dataset compared to the random task dataset .
table 1 shows the performance of our model on the intermediate task and random task tasks . cola and sst outperform all the other models that do not train on the task training data . the difference is most prevalent in the cola task , which shows that training on the training data improves the generalization ability of the model .
table 1 shows the performance of all models trained on the cola task . our model outperforms all the other models apart from qqp when trained and tested on the multi - news dataset . the difference is most prevalent in the performance on sst task , where cola leads to significantly higher performance compared to mnli .
table 1 shows the ne - tags of numbers in wikipedia . relation cardinality tags account for 54 . 28 % of the total number of tags in wikipedia ( of the 2000 entries ) and account for 2 . 86 % of all relation relations . frequency tags represent 2 . 25 % of total tags and organization tags represent 0 . 16 % of overall tags .
table 2 shows the f1 scores of all wikidata entities as well as the number of tokens assigned to each predicate for each predicate ( p ) in our dataset . from left to right , we show the average p scores of baseline , vanilla , only - nummod and has part ( creative work series ) entities , and consists entirely of entities whose part refers to works in progress . the only case where a part - of - speech predicate is not present is the domain of domain admin . terr . entity , which contains all the entities that the entity has part of in the current work series .
table 3 presents the results of models trained on the 25 % held - out validation data . we observe that the w2v model significantly outperforms all the other models that do not use lstm except for cnn . the difference is most prevalent in the int category , which is broken down into five sub - categories and includes all the models tested on the unlabelled test sets . for example , word has the best performance in all the five categories and the average number of instances in each sub - category is close to the level of the best - performing model , except for in the case of hi - map , where it is significantly worse .
table 2 presents the results of las improvements by cnn and lstm in the iv and oov cases on the test set of ara , baq , and hun genealogy datasets . as can be seen , both models make substantial improvements on average compared to the baseline cnn model in both cases . in the iv case , the improvement is much larger than that on the oov case . in both cases , the difference between δiv and δoov is much smaller . in fact , the cnn model shows a bigger performance drop on average than on the baseline case .
table 3 shows the performance on the test dataset for different train and test datasets for different languages . as can be seen , the difference in accuracy scores between russian , ukrainian , belarusian and ukrai - nian is much smaller than that between belarusian , ukrainian and belarusian .
table 1 shows the bleu and exact - match scores of our model ( neural mrs ) and its variants over held - out test set . the results are presented in black - aligned and white - aligned t - test sets . neural mrs outperforms all supervised and unsupervised baselines except ace ( erg ) and dag transducer ( yuan et al . , 2018 ) . with the exception of ace , all the models perform similarly to the supervised or unpublished work ( table 1 ) .
the performance of our lstm with different parameter values is shown in table 3 . the most interesting ones are the bigram and lattice dropout parameters , which significantly increase the learning rate . also , the decay rate is significantly higher than regularization , indicating that more training instances are required to learn the new task . we find that the presence of the dropout parameter , along with the regularization parameter , helps the model to improve performance over the competition .
the results are shown in table 1 . all models show improvements on the f1 test set when the word baseline is added to the lstm with different word embeddings . the best performances are obtained with the combination of " char baseline " and " bichar " word - weights , followed by " softword " wordweights . adding softword wordweights improves the results marginally , but does not improve significantly over the baseline . the best performance is obtained with " char " baseline , which shows that the semantic features captured by the baseline are quite distinctive .
table 1 shows the performance of all models trained on the word baseline and the gold seg transformation . we observe that , compared to the baseline lstm model , the gold - aligned model performs better on both input and output . moreover , the performance gap between gold and non - gold - aligned models is narrower , indicating that the performance gain comes from a better model design .
the results on msra are shown in table 6 . our lstm outperforms all the base models except for chen et al . ( 2006a ) . the difference between " char baseline " and " softword " baseline is most prevalent in f1 score , while " word baseline " shows the most significant performance drop . " char baseline " alone achieves the best performance with 94 % f1 and 98 % p < . 01 . however , when combined with softword baseline , the results are only slightly better . " word baseline " consistently shows the worst performance , and only slightly outperforms " char " .
the results on resume ner are shown in table 8 . the lstm model outperforms all the baseline models except for lattice , which shows the advantage of word embeddings with fewer errors . besides , the difference between " char baseline " and " softword " baseline is less pronounced than that between " bichar " baseline and " char + softword " .
the results for english – estonian are shown in table 3 . the ensemble - of - 3 model outperforms the monolingual model and the cognate morfessor model , showing that the finetuned embeddings have a greater impact on bleu than those without . the model also shows that the linguistic filtering step has a bigger impact , but only when it is considered in combination with other modifications . adding / removing components from the en - et dataset , along with the indentation of the part - ofspeech tags , bridges the gap between the performance of the original and the modifications . further , the presence of indentation tags helps the model to improve performance and accuracy .
table 2 presents the results of our experiments on the pbsmt - 0 and dual - 0 test sets , compared to the best previous state - of - the - art models . our model ( sestorain et al . , 2018 ) outperforms all the other baselines except for burkhard - keller tree ( bk tree ) in terms of pivot metric on both datasets , confirming the value of domain - adaptive training data . the results are slightly superior than those in the previous experiments , however , when we switch to the nested layers of en ( 2018 ) and en ( 2017 ) word embeddings .
results of semantic feature ablation for the model trained with gold data only are shown in table 3 . the model significantly outperforms the best previous state - of - the - art model ( bleu ) on gold data .
the results of experiment 1 on the pbsmt dataset in the en - de news commentary ( sestorain et al . , 2018 ) and dual - 0 are shown in table 2 . the summaries for both datasets are presented in bold . our baselines perform comparably to the best previous state - of - the - art models on both datasets . however , our model outperforms both the original pbsmt and the supervised ( avg . ) model in terms of pivot metric , confirming the effectiveness of our domain - adaptive approach .
results for the previous work on the distill and agree baselines are shown in table 3 . the results are broken down in terms of baselines and supervised ( avg . ) learning rates . our system outperforms both the supervised and unsupervised baselines . the difference is most prevalent on the pivot baseline , where our model significantly improves over the previous state of the art . on the agree baseline , our model improves by 3 . 67 points over the best previous state - of - the - art model . this indicates that the model learns to rely less on superficial cues .
results on the official iwslt17 multilingual task are shown in table 4 . our agents generalize best , outperforming both the supervised and unsupervised agents . they significantly outperform the strong baselines in both multilingual tasks .
results on our proposed iwslt17 model are shown in table 5 . our supervised model outperforms the original embeddings and performs better than the zero - shot model . the difference is most prevalent in the pivot metric , which shows that supervised models are better at selecting the relevant features and performing the task well .
the results are shown in table 1 . overall , all models show improvements on the en - fr and en - de tasks . europarl is notably better than the other two baselines on both subsets , confirming the value of word embeddings adaptation .
bleu scores for the bilingual test sets are shown in table 3 . our model shows significantly better performance than the contextual baseline on all the three test sets . on the europarl dataset , our model is significantly better than the previous state - of - the - art model on all subtitles except for the one on subtitles . for the two other languages , it is slightly better .
table 4 shows the bleu scores for the current and previous turns for each context for the bilingual test set . as can be seen , the different types of context have different impact on performance . the current turn has the worst performance while the previous turns have the best performance .
table 3 presents the results on the 300 - dimensions test set of utdsm with and without gmm . the results are presented in bold . we observe that , when using only random word embeddings , the model performs best , while the approach using gmm performs slightly worse . general - dsm outperforms both the random and the approach with gmm features ,
table 2 shows the bleu scores for domain match experiments on the wsj and wikipedia datasets . our model outperforms all the other models that do not use gigaword embeddings . the difference is most prevalent in the training data , which shows that domain match is extremely difficult .
evaluation results on multi - class text classification are shown in table 2 . our method outperforms all the state - of - the - art methods in all metrics except precision in f1 score and recall . the difference is most prevalent in precision , which shows the performance reach the best when using global - dsm and maxcd . in comparison , lda performs slightly better than maxcd and lda in accuracy and precision , but is inferior in recall . we observe that , when using maxcd instead of lda , precision is superior and recall is higher than precision .
evaluation results on paraphrase detection task are shown in table 3 . our global - dsm model outperforms the other methods in all aspects except precision in f1 score and recall . the difference is most prevalent in accuracy , which shows the performance reach its best performance when trained and tested on the same dataset .
table 2 shows the impact of different proportion of known intents on the performance improvement for snips and atis datasets . doc significantly outperforms lof ( softmax ) in terms of macro - f1 score , indicating that the semantic features extracted by the softmax encoder are more useful in generation of new intents . at the same time , lof performs much better on snips dataset , confirming the value of semantic features extraction . the difference is most prevalent in the msp dataset , which is responsible for 25 % of the known intent detection . it is clear from table 2 that different semantic features contribute differently to the success of intent extraction .
table 1 compares the performance of al with and without its truncated average , tracking time - indexed lag times with respect to statistics 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 . al significantly outperforms ( i . e . , p < 0 . 01 ) all metrics with a wait - 3 system without sacrificing too many points for brevity .
table 4 shows the bleu scores for evaluating amr and dmrs generators on an amr test set . amr significantly outperforms dmrs in gold and silver , indicating that the latter has better performance in predicting gold - level events . dmrs also outperforms amr in terms of representation quality .
table 1 shows the results for the multi - domain nli datasets from the multinli and nli matched dev sets . the results are broken down in terms of entity and relation extraction . all models show lower performance compared to the previous state - of - the - art on both datasets , indicating that there is less effort is required to reproduce the results from the previous generation of nli models .
table 1 shows the performance of the reference word embeddings for reference . all the reference documents used for this analysis are pre - trained on the nc - 11 dataset . memory - to - context bleu is consistently better than that for context and output , while the performance gap between the two is much narrower for output . from the above table , we observe that the shared vocabulary setup puts the advantage of context - based and output - based features in the advantage column .
the results are shown in table 1 . syntactic treedepth , syntactic topconst and semantic subjnum are statistically significant better than the results of avg and word2vec on average compared to random clustering , indicating that the semantic features discussed in the previous section have a significant impact on the model performance . moreover , the difference is less pronounced for semantic and syntactic keyphrases , which shows that semantic features are more interpretable . we notice a slight improvement in the semantic topconst score over the baseline on both datasets , but only when combining all the features from the two datasets .
the results of all models are shown in table 1 . " relatedness / paraphrase " and " inference " are broken down in terms of semantic and syntactic similarity . sick - e significantly outperforms the other models in both categories and the relatedness / paraphrase sub - category , which shows the extent to which semantic features captured by the model can be improved with a reasonable selection of the lexical resource from which the sentiment analysis data were derived .
table 3 presents the results on the 20 - ng , 25 - ng and 8 - ng test sets . our model obtains the best results on both sets with p - means significantly improving over the previous state - of - the - art models . on the other hand , the difference between pca and dct * model is much smaller . we observe that pca outperforms both dct and the original pca model in terms of f1 score , while the latter performs slightly better on both ng and r - 8 tests .
table 1 shows the coverage of words from the manual transcripts in the dstc2 development set of different batch asr output types and the pruned cnet output from the second batch , compared to the original batch . as shown in the table , slots / values have the highest coverage , followed by interjections , so all hypotheses with scores below 0 . 001 were removed . however , all other words had coverage above the threshold , showing that the quality of the pre - trained cnet is relatively high even when it is pruned .
the results of the best performing pooling method are shown in table 1 . we find that , compared to the naive baselines , weighted pooling achieves the best results , outperforming both the naive and the weighted baselines on all metrics except for 1 - best baseline . the results reconfirm that the effectiveness of selective pooling is derived from a high correlation with the quality of the original pooling , i . e . that the pooling performed by prior work can be further improved with a reasonable selection of the features that are most important for the task at hand . finally , we notice that the cnet - score threshold approach significantly outperforms the approach without pruning , indicating that the feature - rich pooling approach is beneficial for future research .
table 2 shows the dstc2 test set accuracy for 1 - best asr outputs of ten runs with different random seeds in the format average maximumminimum . the results show that the batch asr model significantly outperforms the live model on all test sets except for transcripts , indicating that the training set size and the number of iterations required to train the model are different .
table 2 shows the results of sentence splitting for the gold and silver classes . the results are broken down in terms of training instances and test cases , and the number of tokens assigned for each training and test case is presented in table 2 .
table 1 presents the results of manually aligned news commentary data for english and spanish . for english , the total number of tweets for each topic is 1 , 654 while for spanish , it is 6 , 654 . for both datasets , the average number of tokens per tweet is 1 .
table 3 shows the performance of the gold and silver classes compared to the best previous state - of - the - art systems . all models except for obligation outperform their gold - class counterparts in terms of auc and f1 scores . in all but one case , the difference is statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) with respect to gold classifiers . the difference is most prevalent in the bilstm classifier , which shows that trained attention mechanisms are more effective in the low - supervision settings .
table 3 shows that for all three scenarios , the bleu scores for injected and un - injected data are significantly better than those for injected data . in all but one of the cases , the difference is more pronounced when the injected data is considered in combination with regular data .
the results of bert - pair and proto on the 5 - way 1 - shot test set and on 2 . 0 test set are shown in table 2 . the results are presented in bold . bert ( bert ) outperforms all the alternatives except gnn ( cnn ) and proto - adv ( erbert ) . the difference is most prevalent in the accuracy on 1 - shot test set , which shows that bert is better at selecting the correct targets and its output is more interpretable . on the 2 - shot set , the results are less clear , but still show a significant improvement over the alternatives . gnn outperforms proto in both accuracy on the one - shot and on the two - shot tests set , showing the advantage of redundancy removal .
the results for the 5 - way - 1 - shot test set are shown in table 1 . proto ( bert ) achieves the best performance with a 50 % improvement on the percentage of nota compared to cnn . bert - pair , on the other hand , obtains the best result with a 15 % improvement . the results are broken down in terms of shot accuracy and recall percentage . proto outperforms the best previous approaches on both datasets with two tasks .
table 3 shows the precision scores for the standard and ontonotes variants of our system compared to the best previous approaches . the results are presented in bold . our system outperforms all the baselines except for the bbn mi - f1 score when using the gold - aligned variant of the word " notes " .
table 3 presents the results of our final model on the training dataset . our final model ( afet prec . 0 ) outperforms all the stateof - the - art models across all label types except for " location " .
the results are shown in table 1 . the most interesting ones are the results for cos and type , which show that the is - heavy and is - expensive features dominate the others . in particular , is is very different from the others , showing that it is much more difficult to distinguish between the features of is_heavy , is_expensive , and is_dangerous . further , the results are markedly less clear - cut than those of is - strong , indicating that the difference between the two is due to different classifiers ' performance on different features .
the training times and parameters for all models are shown in table 4 . it takes a considerable amount of time to train the models for each model , because all the parameters required to learn the model are quite small .
the performance of these models on the hidden test set is presented in table 1 . crowd is consistently better than the other classifiers under all three metrics except for in case of " dangerous " . the difference is most prevalent in " yellow " classifier , which shows that the majority of complaints are caused by false positives in the black - aligned corpus . in comparison , full - is - yellow is comparable to the performance of " green " classifiers , but is slightly better than " brown " and " red " . finally , the full - has - wheels classifier shows that it is better at identifying objects with wheels than any other classifier .
the most representative models are snli , simverb3500 and simlex999 . next , we give a brief overview of these models and summarize their performance on the 20 % held - out validation data . " mturk771 " outperforms all the other models except rg65 and mturk287 , which are sub - par at best when compared with the quality of the original embeddings . " simlex999 " performs slightly better than the other two models and is comparable to the best ontonotes - trained model , but it is inferior to simlex , which is comparable in syntactic and semantic test set to the original . " rg65 " and " sg " outperform the others in both semantic and syntactic test set , but do not exceed the level of " crowdstrike " on the semantic dataset , which shows the performance of the supervised and unsupervised test sets .
classification results are shown in table 1 . all models show significant improvements in the semantic similarity and relatedness compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . sst2 and sst5 significantly outperform the best previous models in both semantic and syntactic similarity . the difference is most prevalent in sub - category , which shows the extent to which the semantic features captured by the model can be improved with a reasonable selection of the training data .
table 2 shows system performance on the so - called “ gotchas ” for both genders and difficulty level , gotchas are grouped into buckets based on bls classification system performance . for female pronouns , the system performs uniformly worse than it does for male pronouns . in particular , it is much worse on cases where the correct answer is occupation but the incorrect answer is participant , as shown in purple . this indicates that male pronouns are more useful for this task .
the results of our final model are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on all three metrics by a noticeable margin . on the b - 1 and b - 3 metrics , our model obtains the best performance . it closely matches the performance of the original randge - l model with only 0 . 5 % absolute difference .
accuracies for the approaches are shown in table 2 . advdat outperforms advdat and advcls , while advdat performs slightly better than advdat on hard . the results show that the baselines give a significant performance boost when the models are trained and tested on the unmodified , non - adversarial infersent dataset .
table 3 shows the percentage decrease in score from baseline advdat to the best performing advdat baseline for all categories . as can be seen , sleeping , waking , and driving are the most difficult categories to predict , followed by cat , nobody , and asleep , which shows the extent to which these words are misclassified .
table 3 presents the results of models trained on the hidden test set of cbow . the results are presented in bold . all models show improvements on average compared to the previous state - of - the - art models except for srilm , which shows a drop in performance on some of the most popular test sets . table 3 shows the results for amh , hun , rus , and som , compared to previous state of the art models . we observe that the difference between avg and avg is less pronounced for sbow , indicating that the model is better at selecting the features that are important to the task and its performance .
comparison with other news datasets that we base our model on is shown in table 2 . gnbusiness is comparable to other widely used news datasets including ace 2005 , ere and astre . it also closely matches the performance of muc and its related works .
with and without mass preservation , the bleu and dal λ scores of milk are significantly different ( table 3 ) . the difference is most pronounced in the dal score , which indicates that the loss of mass preservation has a significant impact on the performance . it is clear from table 3 that the preserved dal is significantly better than the unpreserved one . finally , the difference is less pronounced than in the case of the unpreserved dal .
the results of schema matching are shown in table 4 . our dblp agent outperforms all the state - of - the - art methods in terms of f1 score and schema matching percentage . odee significantly outperforms the odee - fer model in both schema matching and clustering performance . the difference is most prevalent in relation to clustering , which shows the performance reach its best performance when clustering is used in combination with odee . in addition , clustering significantly improves the match rate with respect to schema matching .
the results are shown in table 5 . our odee - fe model significantly improves the slot coherence of dblp : conf / acl / nguyentfb15 with an average gain of 0 . 18 points over the previous state of the art .
table 2 compares the performance of the meteor and rouge - l models compared to the best previous state - of - the - art models . ed significantly outperforms the other methods with a gap of 10 . 8 % on average compared to seq2seq .
table 3 shows the percentage of n - grams in test abstracts generated by system / human which appeared in training data . the system significantly outperforms the human in terms of plagiarism check ,
table 5 shows that rouge - l outperforms meteor and svm with a large margin . the difference in iteration comparison is most prevalent in the last group of models , where svm outperforms both the original embeddings and the meteor variant .
table 4 shows the performance of our system with respect to different titles for different tasks . as expected , the non - expert and expert groups perform similarly to each other , with the exception of the former group .
random significantly outperforms the vocal baseline in all aspects ( except for svm ) except for the svm with a gap of 10 % on average compared to random . the results are broken down in terms of svm and parallelism scores , with svm significantly outperforming random for all but one of the comparisons . with the exception of visual , all correlations are statistically significant with respect to svm except for those for vocal , which are statistically insignificant .
table 3 shows the results for svm and mae on the hidden test set of hotpotqa in the distractor and fullwiki setting . the results are broken down in terms of svm , s + i and s + p scores . " random " significantly outperforms " human " and " fluent " compared to " random " on all metrics except svm with a gap of 10 . 5 points in svm between the two groups . " human " significantly boosts its svm score over " random " .
the biobert models perform well on the mednli task . the best performances are obtained with the pubmed + pmc dataset , followed by pubmedd and pubmed datasets . the difference in accuracy is most noticeable in the accuracy test , which shows that the different combinations of pmc and pubmed datasets have a significant impact on model performance .
the results of the two tailed t - tests are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the baselines except bilstm and deat when trained and tested on the rcn dataset . the difference is most prevalent in rcn ( our ) where our model obtains 73 . 3 % p < 0 . 01 ; ∗ ∗ and r = 0 . 05 vs . the previous state - of - the - art model , bimpm ( hochreiter and schmidhuber , 1997 ) .
the accuracy on the test set of bert is shown in table 3 . the feed - forward lstm model achieves the best performance with a 0 . 8 % increase in accuracy compared to the feedforward model . when fed - forward , the bert classifier achieves the highest accuracy with a 2 . 4 % increase .
as shown in table 2 , the window position affects the performance of all models . the symmetric window position has the most significant effect , and the leftmost window position is the most important one for simlex999 . it is clear from table 2 that window positions have a significant effect on model performance , however , it is not significant enough to show significant difference .
the results in table 3 show that our cross - sentential models perform similarly to the simlex999 baseline on both datasets across all contexts , indicating that the semantic analogies extracted by gw are comparable across all datasets .
the results in table 4 show that all models perform similarly to the original embeddings when the stop words are removed . however , the difference in performance is most prevalent for simlex999 , which shows the most severe drop in performance due to the removal of stop words . gw with removal also shows lower performance than os , indicating that removing the words from the dataset hurts the model performance .
table 1 shows the mean matched validation accuracies of all the method for different pooling methods broken down by type of pooling method and presence or absence of character embeddings . all the methods show marked improvements in performance over the last 10 iterations .
table 3 presents the performance of our best model broken down by genre . our multinli model outperforms the best previous approaches across all three domains . overall , it improves upon the strong baselines by 3 . 8 points in cbow and esim validation accuracies . it improves further on the opinionatt dataset by 3 points in the broader category of " fiction " .
the performance of bert models fine - tuned and pre - trained with different distrances is shown in table 1 . the models perform similarly on the glue task , with the exception of qnli , which fine - tunes its object detector pretrained on the standard distr . dataset .
table 3 compares our system with previous state - of - the - art ensembles on some recent points in the literature . scores are tokenized bleu . our system outperforms all the previous systems except for one : it is significantly better than the deen ensembling system .
table 2 compares the results of bleu and delta encoder translations for english , french , dutch , russian and turkish . our system outperforms both the original embeddings and the best performing disjoint encoder , confirming the effectiveness of our model .
table 4 shows the bpe and error counts for 100 randomly sampled examples from the deen test set . lexical choice instances cause more errors than other lexical ones , which underscores the extent to which the semantic features captured by deen can be improved with a reasonable selection of the lexical resource from which the complaint was generated .
the results on wmt15 deen . are shown in table 6 . the smaller bpe size and the higher bleu score indicate that the hm encoder performs better than the bilstm model with pooling of data across all layers . however , the results are slightly worse than those without pooling data , indicating that the performance gain comes from a better encoder design . we conjecture that this is due to the higher performance of the encoder , which is able to perform more computations in the one - to - x ratio . finally , we notice that the pooling technique appears to improve the performance for both datasets , improving the overall performance by about 2 % .
the results of bert and wiki on the hidden test set are shown in table 1 . the results are broken down in terms of μr and ef1 scores , with bert significantly outperforming bilstm and zubiaga et al . ( 2017 ) in both metrics . wikipedia significantly boosts the performance for bert , and its variants outperform other methods that rely on word embeddings ,
table 3 shows the mean average precision ( map ) of models on political speeches . bert achieved the best performance with a map of 0 . 339 ± 0 . 012 and pu outperforms all the base methods except for konstantinovskiy et al . ( 2018 ) . the difference between map and pu indicates that bert is better at selecting the most interesting utterances and generating the best speeches .
table 4 compares the f1 score of the manual relabelling of the top 100 predictions by puc model with the original labels in each dataset by two different annotators . the results are shown in table 4 . wikipedia significantly outperforms twitter in predicting most of the key events , while twitter is slightly better than wikipedia in predicting some of the most important ones . in addition , f1 scores on wikipedia and twitter are significantly higher than those on the other annotated datasets . the comparison shows that wikipedia is better at selecting the relevant words and phrases and its output is more interpretable . on the other hand , politics is comparable with wikipedia , but slightly worse than twitter , in terms of predicting key events . we find that the difference between the average value of relabelled and unlabelled predictions is less pronounced for politics than for the others .
the results for the second set of experiments are shown in table 1 . all the tools show improvements on the f1 metric for positive and negative sentiment . the difference is most prevalent in the recall metric , which shows that the more training data available , the better the model performs in predicting positive sentiment . nltk significantly boosts recall and precision , while standford corenlp does not . the results are broken down in terms of precision and recall , with the former showing much worse performance than the latter .
in particular , we highlight the performance of the cosine and semeval17 models . for cosine , the average weighted p - values of wordsim and mc are significantly better than those of wordseval17 , confirming the effectiveness of the word embeddings . semeval17 outperforms cosine model in both average weighted and weighted wordsim metrics . the difference is most pronounced in terms of avg . p values , which shows that the semantic features extracted by the add - values are more useful for the task at hand than those by wordsim .
the performance of our approach compared to previous approaches on the hidden test set of mt11 and mt08 is presented in table 1 . rnnsearch * outperforms all the base the difference is most prevalent on mt11 , where source and target bridging bridges dominate all the alternatives except smt * and source - specific embeddings . direct and source bridging are the only ones that perform significantly worse than the others . when we switch to the mt08 dataset , all the difference is less pronounced , but still there is a significant difference in performance between vanilla and red .
results on the wmt english - german translation task are shown in table 2 . our shared - private model performs significantly better than the vanilla transformer model ( p < 0 . 05 ) and the three - way wt bests the decoder wt by a noticeable margin .
results on the iwslt { ar , ja , ko , zh } - to - en translation tasks are shown in table 3 . the shared - private model achieves a better performance than the shared - public model on all the three languages pairs . moreover , it achieves a significant improvement on the bleu task , improving from 0 % to 50 % over the previous state of the art model .
performance of the models using different sharing coefficients on the validation set of the nist chinese - english translation task is shown in table 4 . shared - private models perform significantly worse than the shared - private ones . the difference in performance is most prevalent in the translation task for zh - en , the largest of the three sharing coefficients , which underscores the differences in the quality of the sharing coefficients . when bleu and decoder wt are used together , their performance drops significantly compared to that of the shared private model .
table 2 compares the average time to set up the tool and use it to identify verbs in a 623 word news article . the differences between gate and either slate or yedda are significant at the 0 . 01 level according to a t - test . table 2 shows that gate significantly outperforms both the macos and the windows embeddings with a gap of 18 minutes on average .
the performance of our model compared to syntree2vec on the word2vec dataset is shown in table 1 . our node2vec embeddings outperform all the other base the difference in performance is most prevalent in relation to semantic questions , which shows that syntree2vec is better at parsing semantic information and its output is more interpretable . additionally , the difference in difficulty scores is less pronounced for syntree - 2vec , indicating that it has better interpretability ability .
as shown in table 1 , there is no significant difference in the label description for question train and answer phrase with respect to asnq . however , the difference between the labels described in la , sa and s indicates that there is a significant imbalance in the number of questions that are labeled as errors and those that are not .
the results are shown in table 1 . the best performance on map metric and mrr are obtained by the bert - l and roberta - l models , which show that their tanda models are well - equipped to perform on the wikiqa dataset . however , when bert is trained on the asnq dataset , it is unable to match the performance of the original bert model .
the results are shown in table 1 . the best performance on map metric is achieved by bert - l with a gap of 3 . 8 points from the roberta baseline . further , the best performance is obtained by combining the best performing features of the two models , namely , map ( map + lm ) and mrr ( mrr ) . comp - agg + lm + lc improves the performance by 3 points , but only when combined with tl ( qnli ) features .
the results of fine - tuning the bert - based and trec - based models after removing noise are shown in table 3 . the smaller drop in accuracy compared to fine - tune the models with the noise removal reduces the quality of the final report significantly compared to that without . in particular , the drop of 10 % and 20 % noise is much smaller than in the previous experiments , which shows the advantage of finetuning with tanda instead of prefixing with prefixes .
table 6 shows the impact of different labels of asnq on fine - tuning bert for answer sentence selection . the most significant ones are neg and pos , which have the greatest impact on map and trec - qa mrr scores . as shown in the table , the presence of these labels in question - answer pairs affects the performance of bert , and thereby leads to incorrect selection of answer sentences .
table 7 compares the performance of bert - base and trec - qa with asnq and qnli . as can be seen , both sets significantly outperform the original wikiqa embeddings . the difference is most prevalent in the map metric , which shows that tanda performs significantly better than asnsq , both when trained and tested on the fixed - domain dataset .
the results of bert on the smallscale and large - scale datasets are shown in table 1 . as can be seen , bert significantly outperforms tanda and asnq when trained and tested on the same dataset with the same set of parameters , confirming the effectiveness of parameter sharing . moreover , when bert is trained on the larger dataset , it performs significantly better than t - anda when using the base uniformity of nad . the results are particularly striking for the smaller - sample datasets , which show that bert relies less on superficial cues .
the results are presented in table 1 . bias term term and sentiment term are the most significant performance boosts for dif models . the bias term boosts the f1 score of all models with a gap of 2 . 0 points from the previous state - of - the - art models except dif_however , which achieves a marginal + 0 . 3 points improvement over the previous best state of the - art model . besides , the performance increase is much larger when the bias term is considered in combination with other features , as shown in fig . 1 .
figure 1 , listing 1 & table 1 : ( right code snippet ) implementation of kiperwasser and goldberg ( 2016 ) ’ s neural parser in only a few lines using uniparse . ( left ) the implementation demonstrates the scalability of using a fast recurrent neural parser with a single layer of decoding on a single dataset . ( right table and left figure ) seconds a decoder takes to decode an entire dataset , given a set of scores . eisner et al . ( 2017 ) additionally shows that the sorting bottleneck that underperforms cle severely affects the performance of the neural parser , leading to a significant drop in performance over the best performing generic parser .
the treebank ar_padt model trained on the hidden test set outperforms all the alternatives except es_ancora , whose performance is slightly better than our upp . 2 . 7 points better than on the baseline . besides , et al . ( 2017 ) and cs - fictree model outperform all the other base the results are presented in table 3 . as can be seen , all the base models perform better than their counterparts on the test set with two exceptions .
comparison of the word form similarities , in % of 1 − vmeasure of the clustering . we find that jw clustering outperforms dfns clustering on average and median datasets , confirming the effectiveness of our clustering method .
performance comparison of the different models with pre - trained embeddings is presented in tables and ii . the results are presented in table ii . our w2v model outperforms the fasttext model by a noticeable margin . the difference is most prevalent in the performance on datasets with fewer than 10 authors , which shows the advantage of pre - training . however , the difference is less pronounced than that with more than 50 authors . our model achieves state - of - the - art results , outperforming all the other models that do not pre - train .
comparison of the label accuracy on the development set and the ucl development set is shown in table 3 . our model ( bert ) shows a significant ( ρ = 0 . 76 ) improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model ( i . e . , from 80 . 18 to 80 . 67 ) in the accuracy metric .
performance of the question generation system on fever dataset . it can be seen in table 1 that the system is comparable to state - of - the - art on both training and test sets . the difference is most prevalent in the conversion accuracy , which shows that the training set is more accurate in generating questions , while the test set is less accurate .
performance of the question generation system on fever dataset . it can be seen in table 2 that the label accuracy is relatively high ( ρ = 0 . 76 ) and the training set is comparable to the test set , which shows the performance of the system in high - supervision mode .
table 1 shows the results for the best performing models . our model ( bertwiki ) outperforms all the base models except wnli ( by a noticeable margin ) in the transductive scenario gap and in the bias metric , both in terms of f1 score and f1 gap . in both cases , the difference is much narrower than in the original bertwiki ( 50 . 2 % vs . 50 . 7 % ) , indicating that training on the training data alone does not improve the model performance in the task .
pretrained and non - pretrained embeddings outperform the pretrained ones in terms of quality on all comparisons ( table iii ) . pretrained embedding significantly outperforms not pretrainedembedding ,
table 1 shows the results for english and turkish captions . our model outperforms all the other models with two tasks . the difference is most prevalent in english captions , where our best - 53 model ( at p < . 005 ) is nearly 5 % better than all the others except for mr .
we also evaluated entity linking accuracy on non - wikipedia data in the oromo , tigrinya , and pbel languages . the results are shown in table 2 . transsupervised and unsupervised embeddings perform similarly to wikipedia data , with the exception of pbel , which is slightly better than trans - supervised . however , in all languages except for pbel our model outperforms the trans - supervised model , indicating that the training data quality is better than the supervision quality .
table 3 shows that our hrl model improves the entity linking accuracy with pbel , using graphemes , phonemes or articulatory features as input . grapheme and word analogy embeddings significantly improve the l2r performance , while abstractive features have a minor effect ( p < . 01 ) . articulates also contribute significantly to the model ' s performance . when combining all the three types of vocabulary , the model improves significantly
table 1 presents the results of the best performing models for english , spanish , french , dutch , russian and turkish captions . our model bert outperforms all the other models except for bimpm when using the scenario scenario . the difference is most prevalent in the textbooks , where bertnli and esim obtain significantly better performance than bimmp , and especially bert [ italian ] rc .
in experiment 1 , we replicate the results of experiment 1 with different embeddings for english , spanish , french , dutch , russian and dutch captions . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . we observe that the models using en - de and en - franca help the model to improve caption retrieval on the five domains . however , the biggest performance improvement is seen on the french domain , where en + fr + de significantly outperforms all the en - and - fr models except for dsve , which shows the advantage of domain adaptation .
in experiment 2 , we replicate the results of experiment 1 with different embeddings for english , french , dutch , dutch and russian . the results are presented in tables 2 and 3 . as can be seen , the models using en - de screens perform better than those using lang . vec and fasttext . however , the biggest performance drop is seen on the french dataset , which shows the performance reach the best when using the en + fr + de layer . this validates our hypothesis that the french - speaking corpus are more useful for image retrieval than the text - similarity layer .
table 3 shows that image recall @ 10 on the multi30k dataset with different languages with muse . lang . on the training set is significantly better than all the other ways of expressing the word " image " .
table 4 shows that image recall @ 10 on multi30k dataset with different languages with bv embeddings is comparable across the training set , confirming the effectiveness of the embeddings . however , the difference in recall is most prevalent in french , which shows that the training quality is lower than in english .
the results for a randomly - selected validator are shown in table 1 . dbidaf outperforms all the other validators with a gap of 10 . 2 points in f1 score from the last published test set . droberta performs significantly better than dbert and dberts , showing that the training set size and quality are comparable . next , we compare our proposed method with the best previous state - of - the - art neural network architectures . our proposed method outperforms both the published and unpublished work on every metric by a significant margin .
the results of pg and pg - lstm are shown in table 1 . all models show marked improvements in recall and precision on the f1 and r - l tests , with the exception of pg - shallow , which shows severe overfitting . the results are broken down in terms of recall r - 1 and precision r - 2 , and we observe that , when using multi - factor attention , precision is relatively high while recall is low . adding m1 - latent features improves precision and recall , but does not improve precision . finally , we notice that the m2 - based model performs slightly worse than the original m1 model on all test sets except f1 .
the results of cnn w / glove and bi - lstm w / shallow embeddings are shown in table 2 . both ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) models perform significantly better than the baseline on mape and mae ( p < 0 . 005 , resp . ) test set , which shows that lower is better for both mae and mape ) . moreover , the difference between m1 - and m2 - latent models is narrower , showing that the superficial cues are more useful for the task at hand .
table 3 compares bertsda with snli and ag on the news and opinion graphs datasets . the results are shown in bold . all models perform similarly on both datasets with different error rates for different news and opinion graph datasets . however , berdsda has higher k scores than ag and news , indicating that the model performs better on the news dataset when trained and tested on additional data .
table 3 compares the performance of bertbase , ulmfit and yelp with other supervised and unsupervised test sets on the similarity benchmark set of google + and yelp . the results are shown in bold . bertvote ( k = 4 ) outperforms all the other models except yelp p . δ because it achieves higher test accuracy and test error rates . with respect to yelp , we note that the model is more accurate and has lower error rate compared to snli and mnli ( m / mm ) on average , which shows the advantage of training on a larger corpus . also , we notice a drop in performance between yelp f . u . and yelp r . u . , indicating that the training set size and the error rate are the most important factors in model performance .
table 4 presents the results of fine - tuning the bert - large model with multi - task learning on the news and imdb datasets . mt - dnn fine - tunes bert with a performance gain of 1 . 59 % and 2 . 49 % over the best previous state - of - the - art bert model ( lei et al . , 2016 ) . the effect of finetuning bert is also noticeable on the imdb dataset , which shows a performance drop of 0 . 18 % compared to the previous state of the art .
table 2 presents the results of automatic evaluation of our model on the perplexity test set in the unsupervised setting . our model outperforms all the comparably evaluated models across all three domains except for copynet , which performs relatively better on the low - level oov test set .
table 3 presents the results of automatic evaluation of our models for entity score on the oov dataset . our transdg model outperforms all the other models that do not use copynet embeddings except memnet , and seq2seq , in all but one case . the difference is most prevalent in the low - ov category , which shows that copynet is better at selecting the relevant entities and its output is more interpretable . overall , our model performs much better than the previous state - of - the - art models on all three metrics .
table 4 shows bleu scores for automatic evaluation of all models trained on the linked embeddings . our model obtains the best performance on all three domains . it significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in terms of all metrics on all subtasks , confirming the effectiveness of our model .
the results of the human evaluation are shown in table 5 . our model outperforms all the other models in all aspects except for recall on the relevance test set . transdg even gets a slight improvement in relation to seq2seq , confirming the effectiveness of our model .
the ablation results of transdg on the test set are shown in table 7 . as table 7 shows , all models cause a significant drop in performance when interacting with the entity score . in particular , the drop in bleu - 1 indicates that the model is unable to extract relevant entity information from supporting documents and synthesize these multiple facts to derive an entity . the kst - based model shows a slight improvement , but still significantly worse performance than qrt + kst model . finally , the rga model suffers from predicting entity entities and generating correct entity entities .
table 3 presents the results of our final model compared to previous state - of - the - art models on the five datasets . our model outperforms all the previous methods except for su and yan ( 2017 ) on average . on the other hand , it performs slightly better than previous work on three of the four datasets suggesting that the performance gain comes from a better model design .
the performances of the beam search for the reference are shown in table 1 . we discover that the look - ahead improves the model from the greedy search method to the more comparable 1 - la approach . it should also be noted that la is more directly comparable to the greedy scientific search because of their same beam size . finally , the bleu scores of both approaches are comparable , improving only slightly over the strong lemma baseline .
table 3 shows the average number of words per question and answer , and average n - gram overlap between passage and question . our dbert model outperforms all the other baselines except dbidaf and droberta .
the performances of the lstm model trained on the wmt16 multimodal translation dataset with different la steps . we show that the look - ahead module improves the model performance over the best previous approaches . however , the beam search method harm the models when the length of the target sentences is longer than 25 words .
the results of applying la module to the transformer model trained on the wmt14 dataset are shown in table 3 . we find that the la module slightly improves the original model but harms the performance when the la time step is 5 .
the results of incorporating the eos loss into the training state are shown in table 4 . the model is more robust and performs better when using the greedy search , confirming the importance of the loss function . we find that the loss functions are more robust when integrated with the greedy loss , indicating that the model is able to rely less on superficial cues . it also helps the model to learn more about human - generated alternatives and perform better on the hidden test set .
table 1 presents the translation quality evaluation results of our model on the wmt ’ 14 , en - fr and iwslt datasets . our model obtains the best performance on all three datasets . it significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on both en - de and de - en .
results of text - line extraction on the diva - hisdb dataset ( see section iii - a measured with the competition tool ) are shown in table and ii . our proposed method outperforms state - of - the - art results by reducing the error by 80 . 7 % and achieving nearly perfect results . the proposed method uses semantic segmentation at the pixel - level as pre - processing step , and achieves nearly perfect performance , outperforming the best previous approaches by 10 . 7 % .
results of the experiments shown in table and ii illustrate that our proposed text - line extraction method is superior to state - of - the - art methods even if both methods run on the same perfect input . the difference is most prevalent in the case of wavelength , where our proposed method receives the ground truth of the semantic segmentation at pixel - level as input . moreover , in our experience , an algorithm which is not designed to take advantage of this pre - processing step will not benefit from it . simistira and daréc et al . ( 2017 ) additionally show that their method is comparable to the best previous works on both wavelength and line extraction .
table 3 presents the results on the training dataset for vqa and mscoco . the results are presented in unigrammarized word2vqa embeddings using the best performing method . from left to right , all the methods show significant performance improvements . the most striking ones are the image - sentence retrieval and referit methods , which significantly improve the recall and accuracy of named entities .
the results are shown in table 1 . word2vec embeddings significantly improve recall and accuracy , and average bleu - 4 and cider scores are significantly higher than those without . referit significantly boosts accuracy and recall , and improves the recall metric for mscoco and refersit to the best performing feature sets . image - sentence recognition is comparable to the task performance on flickr30k , except for the fact that it requires more data and time to train , and is significantly worse than referit .
table 4 shows the bleu - 4 and cider scores of all models trained on the additional training data and the results of re - training after removing the training data with the additional models . the results are presented in bold . grovle significantly outperforms the baseline model with respect to all metrics except mean recall and accuracy . specifically , the difference is most prevalent in accuracy , which shows the performance reach the best when the model is pretrained with multi - task pretraining . adding the ft - based pretraining improves the results for all models except for those using text - to - clip tgn . further improving performance by high margins
results are shown in table 1 . the results are broken down in terms of task performance and recall . grovle pretraining w / o multi - task pretraining achieves the best results with a mean recall improvement of 3 . 8 points on the image - sentence retention task and a 3 . 3 point improvement on the phrase grounding task . while the accuracy drop on the recurlink task is significant , it is less significant than on the word2vqa task , which shows the advantage of selective task pretraining . we conjecture that this is because the training set size and the number of iterations used to train the model are different .
consistency of the adversarial effect for different models in the loop when retraining the loop is investigated in table 4 . we observe that bidaf and dbidaf have remarkably similar performance on the seeded and unsupervised test sets , confirming the effectiveness of their model design . roberta and droberta have completely opposing predictions ( i . e . name a vs . name b ) on both seed and seedling f1 scores . the difference is most prevalent in the f1 score , which indicates that the model performs well in the low - supervision settings . bert and dbert achieve remarkably similar results , showing that their model can easily distinguish between the true response and negative responses .
the results of each method are shown in table 1 . all the methods show significant improvements in the diff score and bleu scores over the baseline seq2seq model . in particular , the difference between distinct - 1 and diff score scores is much less pronounced for all but one of the methods , which shows the advantage of finetuning word embeddings during training . at the same time , our model consistently outperforms the previous state - of - the - art methods in terms of all three metrics .
table 1 presents the performance of all the models trained on the new dbert and droberta datasets . the performance of each model is presented in terms of em and f1 scores . all models receive a performance evaluation ( em + f1 ) at the end of each training session . the results are presented in table 1 . next , we present the results of the best performing models . our model ( dsquad ) obtains the best performance with an f1 score of 40 . 6 on the training dataset . it significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models .
corpus - level bleu scores on the validation sets for the same model architecture trained on different data . the results are shown in table 4 . the source domain embedding model outperforms the target domain embeddings , confirming the effectiveness of our selection of the source domain . the difference is less pronounced for the websplit model , which shows that the training set size and the number of iterations of validation sets are comparable .
table 6 shows the evaluation results for our final model after training it on the 50 inputs from the websplit 1 . 0 validation set . our model obtains a significant improvement in performance over the previous state - of - the - art model ( 95 % vs . 94 % ) , confirming the effectiveness of redundancy removal .
table 5 shows the best performances on the websplit v1 . 0 test set when varying the training data while holding model architecture fixed : we match the performance of the best previous work with only one training data size , and using the best performing sentence - level bleu architecture . our model outperforms ag18 by 10 . 8 bleus on the standard websplit training data , and by 15 . 2 tokens per sentence , compared to the previous best model by aharoni : 2018 .
the results for local embeddings are shown in table 2 . our shared library outperforms all the state - of - the - art tools for both domains with two tasks . the difference is most prevalent in the quality results for movies , which shows that the shared library performs better for both tasks .
table 3 shows the quality results for sm . our shared library outperforms all supervised and unsupervised embeddings . embdi significantly boosts performance for both movies and tv shows , and especially for seep . with respect to seep , the difference is most prevalent in the f1 score , which shows significant performance improvement for shared libraries . refs also improves significantly compared to refl ,
results for embdi are shown in table 4 . the unsupervised embeddings outperform the supervised ones . embdi significantly improves when trained and tested on the golbeck et al . ( 2018 ) dataset .
the performance of each approach is presented in table 1 . all models show marked improvements on the evaluation and training set . dsquad significantly outperforms bidaf and dbidaf ( by a noticeable margin ) in terms of em and f1 scores . with the exception of droberta , all the models that perform poorly on the training set outperform their counterparts on the test set .
the results of the automatic evaluation procedure on a random sample of 1000 sentences are shown in table 4 . our system outperforms all the base ldsc and samsaabl embeddings except minwikisplit . the difference is most prevalent in the percentage of same scored compared to complex , indicating that the translation quality of our system is superior to the baselines .
averaged human evaluation ratings on a random sample of 300 sentences from minwikisplit . com are shown in table 6 . grammaticality ( g ) , meaning preservation ( m ) and structural simplicity ( s ) are measured using a 1 ( very bad ) to 5 ( very good ) scale . the summaries are scored using a weighted average of the average ratings of the human evaluators for each sentence , and are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) with respect to the quality of the original embeddings . overall , our system outperforms all the other systems with a large margin .
the results are presented in table 1 . tweets containing offensive language are flagged as hate speech and harassment . more than 80 , 000 tweets are labeled as offensive , abusive , harassing or hateful speech , and more than 20 , 000 are classified as normal . golbeck2017 shows a significant increase in the number of tweets containing hate speech compared to the previous year . fountadclbsvsk18 shows a drop of more than 10 % in the offensive tweets for 2017 compared to 2016 .
the results are shown in table 1 . the pairwise hinge model outperforms the pointwise and pairwise ranknet models . when trained and tested on unsupervised datasets , the hnm model performs better than the pairwise one . it achieves the best performance with precision @ k9 and recall @ 5 , and it achieves the highest f1 score as well .
the results of the best models are shown in table 3 . we present the average of the five most representative features of the hierarchical clustering models and their average distance weighted f1 scores . the results are broken down in terms of attention span and directness . our model obtains the best results in all three metrics . it significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in both accuracy and precision .
the results are shown in table 3 . we present the average of the macro - f1 scores of all models trained on the 20 % held - out validation data and the weighted average precision of the clustering distance on the selected tweets . for brevity we also include the results of the best performing models , namely , stml , mtsl and lr . tweets with a minimum of 50 % f1 score are predicted to appear in the majority column , while those with more than 50 % are predicted in the plurality column . the performance of these models is reported in tables 3 .
table 1 compares the performance of multilingual bert with the baseline on french and japanese squad . bert significantly outperforms the baseline in both languages , showing that its predictions match exactly the ground - truth location of the answer . the f1 and em scores of both bert and the baseline are the most important metrics for predicting the locations of the ground truth answers . f1 measures the average overlap between the prediction and ground truth answer . em measures the percentage of predictions that match exactly at the groundtruth location , and f1 - score measures the overlap of the predictions with the true answer .
table 2 shows the exact match scores of our bert model with respect to each language on each of the cross - lingual squad datasets where they occur . our model shows that it is comparable to state - of - the - art bert on all the languages except for japanese , which is inferior to both english and french .
the results are shown in table 1 . the smaller performance gap between bert and ukp - athene on the four similarity test sets is less pronounced for ucl , unc , and ucl - ucl , but still suggests some competitive advantage for bert trained on the unlabelled datasets . pointwise and hnm - trained bert outperform their pointwise counterparts in terms of fever score , label accuracy and recall percentage , as the results of the second study show , once the hnm training set is removed , the difference between accuracy and precision is only statistically significant with respect to training on unlabeled datasets .
table 3 shows the bleu scores of our models on the dgt valid and test sets of our submitted models in all tracks . the nlg models outperform both the en and mt + nlg models , confirming the effectiveness of our model design .
table 6 compares our proposed nlg model with the state - of - the - art on the test set of rotowire - test . the results show that our model significantly outperforms both the published and unpublished work on both nlg ( en ) and winocoref test sets . the difference is most prevalent in bleu , which shows that our proposed model performs significantly better than the original embeddings .
table 7 shows the bleu ( normalized by the number of players ) on the test set for english nlg ablation experiments , starting from a 3 best player baseline ( the submitted nlg model has 4 players ) and shuffling the rest of the players after removing most tags . the results are shown in table 7 , with all the shuffled and sorted players performing similarly to the original nlg models . however , the shuffling baseline significantly improves the results , from ( 1 ) to ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) .
results in table 3 show that neural transfer via multilingual embeddings achieves the best performance with a f1 score of 70 . 18 on the development set for small - resource training setups ( none , tiny 5k or small 10k labeled danish sentences ) and 71 . 63 on large - resource setups ( 14k sentences , 51k tokens ) . fine - tuning the model with tnt improves neural transfer performance by 0 . 18 points over the plain transfer model .
table 4 shows the f1 score of all models for danish ner . bilstm outperforms all the other models except dkie and polyglot , which show the advantage of word embeddings adaptation . the difference between the two is most prevalent in the loc and misc metrics , which shows the translation quality of the text - similarity feature - values . in general terms , all models perform comparably to the best previous state - of - the - art models except for dkie .
the performance of the models in inspec and semeval benchmarks compared to the best previous state - of - the - art models on the krapivin test set is presented in table 4 . inspec significantly boosts performance on the benchmark datasets for both datasets with two factors : syntactic and semantic keyphrases are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 05 ) and f1 scores are consistently better than those in the pre - trained set for all datasets except for kp20k , which is statistically significant only in terms of f1 @ 5 . semevals significantly outperform catseq and cateqd ,
we present the present and the average weighted present value of all models for the removed mae and present average value of mae in the noisy unsupervised setting . the results are presented in table 1 . all models except catseqd significantly outperform the oracle model in terms of both present and absent mae . in addition , the results are significantly superior on both weighted and unweighted mae compared to that of catseqd , indicating that the performance gain comes from a better model design .
in table 5 , we show the results of an ablation study of our catseq model in the kp20k dataset . the results are shown in table 5 . both the present and the absent keyphrases get better performance when the rf1 reward signals are replaced with an f1 reward signal . in both cases , the improvements are much larger than those in the previous experiments .
the results of applying the new model on the old and the new test sets are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in terms of f1 scores for both present and absent models . our model obtains the best performance both on the present and the absent set . it significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in both metrics .
the results are shown in table 2 . ar + mmi models outperform nonar models on average when trained and tested on the bleu dataset . the difference is most prevalent in the adv succ metric , which shows that ar models are better at selecting the relevant features and expressing these features in the right context . when trained on the standalone dataset , the difference between ar and nonar is only statistically significant with respect to adv succ , but it is much larger when trained with mmi features . ar models significantly outperform their counterparts when using diverse vocabulary , showing that the ability to select compact regions induces the generation of better captions .
the results are shown in table 2 . ar models significantly outperform nonar models in all aspects but completeness and coherence . the difference between ar and nonar is most prevalent in the coherence and richness metrics , when ar is trained and tested on the multi - domain dataset , it achieves the best performance with unigram and agr ( unigram ) on both datasets , ar + mmi models outperform ar models with different learning rates across all three domains except for in the content richness category . content richness is relatively consistent across all domains with two exceptions ( ' coherence ' consistently shows lower performance than ' richness ' while ' other ' achieves higher performance ) when training and testing on the multilingual dataset , the gap between human and non - human judgement is narrower than in the previous experiments . we observe that ar models are better at selecting the relevant features and expressing these features in the right context .
the performances of our nonar + mmi method compared to nat and lee et al . ( 2018 ) on wmt14 en ↔ de and wmt16 ro → en are shown in table 4 . the results are slightly superior to those of nat ( by a margin of 0 . 48 ) and inat ( by 0 . 57 ) on both datasets , which shows the advantage of selective attention . further , the improvement over nat + mmi is larger than that by 1 . 57 points ( differences are statistically significant with t - test , p < 0 . 01 ) and multi - factor analysis ( p < 0 . 01 ) .
results on the 6442 compounds in the test set of the german compounds dataset . transweight achieved a dropout rate of 65 . 21 % after applying all the weighting variations evaluated on the 32 , 246 nominal compounds . this represents a significant improvement over the performance of transweight - mat with a tn2 − tn2 transformation of 50 . 82 % on the standard weighting dataset .
the top features for english and english are presented in table 1 . all the models show significant performance improvement on the synthetic dataset for both languages . specifically , all the difference between the average number of instances for each word is statistically significant with respect to the number of mentions per label , with an absolute difference of 5 .
the results of the best models are shown in table 1 . ent - sent significantly outperforms ent - only and ent - dep1 , while ent - dym shows severe overfitting . the best results are obtained by combining the best performing features from the two models . adding the concatenation feature boosts the f1 scores of both ent models significantly ( p < 0 . 01 ) and the bilstm performance by high margins ( p > 0 . 1 ) .
table 2 shows the performance of bert and sota on the test set of five datasets with different epochs . the results are presented in table 2 . bert significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art on all metrics except for semevalcqa map . on the other hand , sota performs significantly better than the previous best state of the art on three of the five datasets . the sota results are from madabushi et al . ( 2018 ) ( wikiqa ) and sha et al . , ( 2018 ) .
the results of all models are shown in table 1 . ent - only outperforms ent - sent , ent - dep and ent - dym . the difference is most prevalent in f1 score , which shows that the specialized attention mechanisms developed for the bilstm task are better at selecting the relevant features and expressing these features in the correct context . adding the feature - rich cnn feature helps the models to improve their f1 scores .
the results of opiec - linked compared to original embeddings are shown in table 1 . the results are broken down in terms of semantic annotations and polarity . semantic annotations significantly improve the results for both datasets , improving the three - dimensional representation by 10 % in all but one case . polarity also improves the results significantly , increasing the average number of tokens in question by 3 . 3 % and the average polarity by 0 . 6 % . however , the biggest performance improvement is obtained on the space dataset , which shows the effectiveness of the semantic annotations .
table 1 shows the performance of all the musicians whose works are associated with a location . the results are broken down in terms of performance at the location ( from left to right ) and the musician ( s ) whose name it is associated with . in all but one case , the associatedmusicalartist is present in the correct tweet ( i . e . the name of the musician whose creation the tweet is attributed to ) at the correct location .
the experimental results on the multi - domain test set of framenet 1 . 7 and its variants are shown in table 1 . we present both the results for the original and the debiased embeddings . the results are presented in bold . all models perform similarly except for those in the ambiguous category , which are significantly better than semafor and peng et al . ( peng et al . , 2017 ) . the results of the second study are slightly better than the first , but still significantly worse than our proposed approach .
bert and bertlarge replicate the performance of semevalcqa on test set f1 on five datasets . the results are shown in table 3 . the large difference in performance is most prevalent on the wikiqa and yahooqa datasets , which shows that bert is better at selecting the relevant features and performing on - the - job training on these datasets optimizes the model performance for both semantic and syntactic keyphrases . on the smaller dataset , mrr shows lower performance , but still superior on the large dataset .
table 6 presents the results of the experiments with different tuning methods for the ddi and i2b2 classes . we show that the automatic and manual search methods outperform the default method , indicating that the performance gain comes from a better selection of the features that are most relevant to the task at hand . however , manual search is still inferior to random or automatic search , showing the performance reach the best when using only one type of classifier . we observe that the switch from automatic to manual search has the biggest performance gain . this validates our hypothesis that selecting features based on semantic information leads to better performance . the results of manual and automatic search are shown in table 6 .
table 3 shows the performance of our model on the four types of data structures tested in the preprocessdataset . the results are broken down in terms of classifier performance and entity blinding . our model outperforms all the baselines except for ddi class and ddi detect . the difference between the original and the derived classifiers is most prevalent on ddi dataset , where the original classifier performs better than both the derived and original classifiers . punct and digit classifiers perform similarly to the original ones , but do not outperform our model , likely in part due to the high overlap between the training data and the test set size .
table 3 presents the results of the final model on the ddi and i2b2 classifiers . we show that bert and bert - tokens significantly outperform the original crcnn and piecewise pool on both data types , indicating that the performance gain comes from a better model design . moreover , the difference is less pronounced when we switch from semeval to integer - based classification .
results on the validation set of iwslt 2017 and kftt 2017 are shown in table 1 . α - entmax significantly outperforms softmax and noreg ( by a noticeable margin ) in all cases except for in wmt 2014 en → de , where it is inferior to softmax by 2 . 3 points . similarly , the difference between activation and tokenized bleu test results is less pronounced for softmax , but still suggests a significant performance drop for the model in terms of translation quality .
results for c - lstm models trained with cc and arxiv embeddings on both subtasks . the results are shown in table 6 , as can be seen , both the macro and micro f1 scores are significantly higher than those of cc - trained models , indicating that the cross - training boosts the model performance on the subtasks with the most training data . further , the micro - f1 score is slightly higher than the macro f1 score , showing that the model performs better when trained with both embedded and unembeddings .
table 1 shows the test set f1 on the unc test set and referit test set of referit . our system outperforms all the state - of - the - art systems except lstm - cnn . it closely matches the performance of the best previous approaches , with the exception of rrn . the difference is most prevalent in referit , where our system obtains a significant performance improvement over all the other systems except kwa .
the experimental results on the unc val set are shown in table 2 . our cross - modal self - attention method outperforms the no attention method and the word - pixel pair attention method , indicating that it is better at selecting the features with the most importance and attending to those features in the most timely manner . however , the effectiveness of our attention method is not proven by an ablation study .
table 3 shows the performance of our method compared to the base models on the concatenated test set of rrn - cnn and rmi - lstm . the smaller performance gap between our method and the pre - trained models indicates that our method performs better on data with fewer training examples . moreover , our method outperforms both the base model and the derived methods on the prec @ 0 . 5 test set , indicating that the performance gain comes from a better model design .
the experimental results of the models are shown in table 2 . first , we report the performance on the evaluation metrics for each metric as well as the number of iterations in which each metric was in use . we observe that all models performed similarly on all evaluation metrics except for the last one .
table 3 presents the performance of our method compared to previous state - of - the - art models on the human agreement and swda benchmarks . our method outperforms all the previous approaches except for lee and dernoncourt ( 2016 ) and lee and lee ( 2016 ) . it also outperforms glove and tf - idf on average . the performance gap is narrower than previous work , which indicates that the performance gain comes from a better model design . we observe that our proposed handa outperforms both published and unpublished work on both datasets .
table 1 shows the f1 scores of all the methods for inspec , semeval , nus and krapivin test sets . the results are shown in bold . inspec significantly outperforms the other methods with a gap of 10 . 8 f1 points from the last published f1 score . semeval even outperforms random coreference on average compared to inspec and nus , which shows the advantage of finetuning word embeddings during the training phase . while inspec performs better on average , it is comparable to the krakivin test set on both datasets . random also performs better than the other two methods . note that the difference is most prevalent in the final score .
table 3 shows the f1 scores of all models trained on the data augmentation task . " random " f1 consistently shows lower performance than " appear - pre " and " no - sort " models , indicating that the features extracted by the augmentation step are less useful for predictive performance . the smaller tweaks to the model seem to have far smaller impact on performance , however , it does improve on the test set in the longer term . " bigrnn " consistently shows much better performance , both on f1 and f10 scores , improving from 13m to 37m and from 10m to 10m . " transformer " achieves the best f1 @ 5 and f @ 10 scores . " all - star " model considerably outperforms " no - single " .
the results are shown in table 3 . elmo - lstm - crf outperforms all supervised and unsupervised models on all three domains except for the one where it is trained in conjunction with rand - based lstm . the difference is most prevalent in relation to pharmaceutical and chemical - disease domains , in all but one of the comparisons , the difference is more pronounced than in the others . when trained and tested on the unlabelled corpus , the elmo models outperform the models trained using rand - based neural models except for in the case of allergies where it obtains a performance improvement of 1 . 2 ± 1 . 3 points over the best previous state - of - the - art model .
the results of the second study are shown in table 1 . support for diagnosis was significantly improved , with a f1 score improvement of 8 . 7 points from the previous state of the art . diagnosis detection was also improved by 3 points . prescription reasons support was the most stable group , improving by 3 . 6 points overall . from the above table , we can see that there is a clear imbalance in the quality of support and complaint support .
corpus statistics and label distributions of the friends and emotionpush datasets are shown in table 2 . according to the statistics table , of the total dialogues in the training and test set , sentimentneutral sentiment is the most interesting one , followed by anger , whereas happiness , sadness , and joy are the less interesting ones .
table 1 compares the performance of hotelqa and essentia with the fsa baseline on paraphrase extraction . as can be seen , both datasets significantly outperform the baseline on both datasets in terms of precision and recall ( p < 0 . 01 ) . however , the difference is much smaller than in precision : of the 2 , 221 pairs in the hotelqa dataset , 2221 are valid , 642 are missing and 28 . 55 % are incorrect .
classification test scores for classifying r vs u in the br , us , and combined br + us dataset . the results are shown in table 5 . our system outperforms all the state - of - the - art systems for both datasets with a gap of 10 % on average .
table 2 presents the results of applying our data augmentation on the diff and trie datasets . the results are shown in bold . after applying our domain modeling scheme , we see a noticeable performance gain on both datasets . on the diff dataset , geth and ethanos datasets are significantly outperformed by bloombit and difficulties , while trie is significantly outperforms trie preimages . adding the headsers and the hashes from scratch improves the results for both datasets , however , the biggest performance boost is seen on the trie dataset , which is likely due to the higher quality of the headers and hashes . finally , if we add entity entities , the effect is less pronounced , but still significant .
table 2 shows the performance of our system on the fast sync and compact sync datasets . the results are broken down in terms of data type and data type . our system performs well on both datasets with two data types in mind , namely , fast sync geth ( which gets the job done in real - time ) , compact sync and body . difficulties are much more difficult to solve than geth and body datasets , showing the performance reach the limits of our specialized attention system .
table 3 shows the performance of our system compared to the best previous approaches . transformer - word embeddings outperform all the alternatives except rnn - search - bpe , indicating that the performance gain comes from a better model design . the results are presented in table 3 . our system outperforms all the other systems that do not rely on bleu or chrf1 data . in particular , it significantly boosts performance on the average mt02 and rd scores , which shows the advantage of redundancy removal during training . search ( 0 . 2 ) consistently outperforms the other methods , and its performance is comparable to that of transformer - word .
the results of all models are shown in table 1 . our joint model outperforms all the baselines except bert and sigmoid . the results are broken down in terms of task performance on the task slc and flc r tables . our model achieves the best performance with 62 . 36 % on task flc p and 21 . 59 % on task flc f1 . the difference is most prevalent in the propaganda task , where our joint model is nearly 5 % better than all the other models apart from granu .
results on cqa dev - random - split with cos - e used during training . the improvement from bert ( baseline ) to cage - reasoning ( 72 . 5 % ) is significant , which shows the advantage of finetuning word embeddings to improve interpretability without sacrificing too many correct answers . further improving performance by high margins
improves performance by 10 % over the previous state - of - the - art on cqa v1 . 0 . replacing cos - e with cage reasoning during training and inference significantly improves performance ( talmor et al . , 2019 ) . the improvement is 10 % overall , which shows that the ability to reason more precisely during training leads to a significant performance gain .
the results on cqa dev - random - split using different variants of cos - e for both training and validation . as shown in table 4 , when training with only one training entity , the accuracy drops significantly compared with when using all the training entities in the validation set .
results for explanation transfer from cqa to out - of - domain swag and sotry cloze tasks . the results are shown in table 6 . our bert agent outperforms all the other methods that do not use bert , showing that bert is better at explanation transfer .
the results of bert and pu on the fa and lqn split are shown in table 1 . the bert model outperforms both published and unpublished work on both datasets in terms of f1 score for citation detection . the improvement is much larger than that by bert alone , which shows that bert is better at selecting the relevant features and its output is more interpretable . pu outperforms bert in both datasets for the task at hand , but does not outperform bert overall . in the single - sentence dataset , bert outperforms pu in both f1 and eps metrics .
the hierarchical structure of the training and test set is shown in table 1 . it is clear from ( and including ) the top synset of the domain , the number of basic level concepts , and the inter - rater agreement ( κ ) . the maximum depth of the hierarchy is also shown , which shows the extent to which the hierarchical structure can be expanded with a training set . we also note the κ level in the statistics table , which indicates the level at which the different hierarchical features can be added or subtracted .
in table 2 , we rank the most important features for each tool and sub - tool according to importance . all the features ranked in order of importance are summarized in table 2 .
table 3 shows the accuracy and κ of predictions made in a new domain , with or without normalization . the results are presented in bold , indicating that the training set is balanced and that all the normalized features contribute similarly to the task . however , the difference in accuracy between trained and un - trained set is most prevalent in the frequency domain , which underscores the extent to which the normalization process has impacted the performance of our model .
distributhe distribution of the event mentions per pos per token in all datasets of the eventi corpus is shown in table 1 . overall , there is a significant imbalance in the distribution of event mentions , which indicates that training instances are frequently misclassified as errors and that the quality of the training instances is high .
detailed analysis shows that there is a significant imbalance in the distribution of the event mentions per class in all datasets of the eventi corpus . overall , there are 17 , 528 mentions in total and 3 , 798 mentions per test dataset , which shows that the training dataset is significantly more related to human - generated events than the test dataset .
the results are shown in table 1 . the most representative models are the " relaxed evaluation " and " strict evaluation " models . ilc - itwack outperforms all the other models except for dh - fbk - 100 , which shows significant performance drop in the strict and relaxed evaluation modes . relaxed evaluation is markedly better than the strict evaluation mode , showing that the training data is more interpretable and repeatable . table 1 shows the f1 scores of all models trained on the relaxed evaluation and strict evaluation modes .
table 1 shows the bleu scores of all models trained on the intra - dist and inter - dist distances . our approach outperforms all the other approaches except seqgan in both cases . the difference is most prevalent in the bow embedding scores , which shows the performance at the cost of losing performance on the interdist dist - 2 .
table 5 presents the human judgments for models trained on the dailydialog dataset . our dialogwae model outperforms all the other models that are comparable in terms of diversity , coherence and informative performance . the difference is most prevalent in diversity , which shows that the wae model is better at selecting the relevant features and its output is more interpretable . informative performance is only slightly better than the cvae - co model , showing the difference in the quality of the output labeled training data . coherence is the most difficult category to detect , followed by diversity , while informative is the second most difficult .
table 2 compares the performance of our proposed methods with the baselines on three aspects of empathy , relevance , and fluency . rl look - ahead model achieves the highest score for all three aspects : empathy , relevance , and fluency . multiseq model achieves highest bleu score , but not significant . the seq2seq ensemble achieves the best performance on all aspects except for empathy , which is somewhat surprising given the size of the improvement .
table 1 : we report the best performance observed in 5 runs on the development sets of both sparc and cosql , since their test sets are not public . our bert model outperforms the best previous state - of - the - art models on both datasets with p < 0 . 005 . we also conduct wilcoxon signed - rank tests between our method and the baselines , and the results show the improvements of our model are significant with p = 0 . 01 , which indicates that bert has a significant impact on the performance .
table 1 shows the results for the comparison groups with respect to word embeddings . our proposed spon agent outperforms all the base agents with a gap of . 50 points from the performance of bless and leds . the results are broken down in terms of average precision and direction . compared to bless , leds and shwartz , hyperboliccones shows a significant performance drop . with the exception of leds , all the other agents perform significantly worse than the original wbless agent .
table 4 shows the performance of our proposed spon model with respect to the three layers utilized in the unsupervised hypernym detection task . relu only consists of a residual connection and a non - negative activation layer , while the other two layers consist of positive and negative activation layers . the results of the ablation tests show that relu and tanh both receive significant boosts in precision as a result of the substitution of the negative activation layer relu with tanh that can take negative values . as shown in table 4 , the relu layer is much more stable and therefore requires less attention to perform .
the results on the unsupervised hypernym detection task for bless dataset are shown in table 5 . with 13 , 089 test instances , the improvement in average precision values obtained by spon as compared against smoothed box model is statistically significant with two - tailed p value equals 0 . 00116 . the difference in oe score is also statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) which shows that spon has better performance on the hypernyms detection task .
table 2 shows the rouge recall results for the nyt50 test set . our model ( ours ) obtains 45 . 53 % recall improvement over the best previous state - of - the - art model ( ml + rl + intra - attn ) .
results on semeval 2018 domain - specific hypernym discovery task . crim is the best system on the domain specific datasets . its map and p @ 5 scores exceed the best previous systems across all three domains , indicating that it is well - equipped to perform the task well . the results on the music and medical datasets are shown in table 7 . music is significantly better than the previous system , and medical is comparable with the previous best system , spon .
the results of the second study are shown in table 1 , where we report the average embedding similarity scores of the output and the target output in terms of the real target output list . the rl greedy embeddings outperform the pre - trained and trained variants of beamsearch , indicating that the training set is more suitable for production use . the difference in similarity scores is most prevalent in the last study , when we consider the length of the input training set , and the number of iterations in which the output is generated .
results are shown in table 1 . all models show improvements on average compared to the previous state - of - the - art on roc and sst test set . the best performances are obtained by the sopa model ( sopa , p < 0 . 001 ) and bilstm model ( p > 0 . 01 ) . next , we compare against cnn , dan and sopa . the results are presented in bold . sopa outperforms all the mod table 1 shows that its similarity test set outperforms the competition on all metrics except for roc . on the other hand , it is comparable to the performance of amazon , with a gap of 10 . 2 points on average comparing to the prior state of the art model .
the results in table 4 show that the annotators significantly outperform the questions with respect to kappa score ( κ ) and observed agreement ( ao ) for gold standard questions . the results are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) and mean correlation coefficient ( ρ ) is 0 . 49 , which means that the annotated questions are significantly better than the questions without . on the other hand , the observed agreement is only 0 . 03 .
experimental results are shown in table 3 . the best result for wikipedia is achieved by our joint model , which obtains a marginal improvement of 2 . 79 % over the best previous state - of - the - art model , inception . while the improvement over the baseline is slim , it is encouraging to see that it is possible to improve the performance with a reasonable selection of the features that are most important to the task .
table 4 shows the confusion matrix of the joint model on wikipedia . rows are the actual quality classes and columns are the predicted quality classes . the diagonal ( gray cells ) indicates correct predictions . the black - aligned lines indicate incorrect predictions and the dotted lines indicate missing predictions .
table 1 shows the classification performance of the large - scale text classification data sets for english , german , and chinese news . ag news is significantly better than sogou news in terms of classification performance , while chinese news is comparable .
table 3 presents the results of our final model on the sogou dataset and related studies . our model outperforms all the stateof - the - art models on both datasets with two tasks . it closely matches the performance of the best previous models , b - sememnn and sememnn - ct . the difference is most prevalent in the transfer learning experiments ( table 3 ) , when we compare our model with previous work on both sets of data . our model obtains the best performance on both ag and sogou datasets . on the other hand , it is significantly worse than the previous state of the art model on both data sets .
table ii presents the bleu scores of all models that trained on the new prefix and prefix models . all prefix models generated by our system outperform the pre - trained models except for the infix models , which show that pre - training models are more effective in generation of lexical features . the small ( type 2 ) and minimal ( type 3 ) models perform slightly better than the large ( type 1 ) ones , showing that training on prefix and suffixing models improves the model performance .
the results of pre - trained and trained models are shown in table 1 . regularization improves the results for all models except for hosseini , et al . ( hosseini et al . , 2016 ) . the difference is most prevalent in ai2 , which shows that pre - training bridges the gap between the performance of " normalized " and " pre - trained " models . the results are slightly better than those of " post - " trained models , indicating that the training set quality is better than the training data . as shown in the second group of table 1 , all models perform similarly when trained and tested on the same dataset . however , the difference is less pronounced for " regularized " models , showing that training on the data actually improves predictive performance .
table 1 : joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of woz 2 . 0 corpus . slot - independent and slot - dependent sumbt achieve higher joint goal accuracy than bert + rnn + ontology ( by a noticeable margin ) and statenetpsi ( by 2 - 2 . 5 points ) , which shows the performance reach the performance of state - of - the - art on a single - domain training set . table 1 shows that the slot - independent approach by itself achieves the best performance with a 3 - point improvement over the previous state of the art approach .
table 2 shows the joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of multiwoz corpus . sumbt and gce achieve the best performances with a gap of 0 . 4240 ( ± 0 . 0187 ) from the benchmark baseline . the gap is narrower than that with glad and nouri and hosseini - asl ( 2018 ) achieving the best performance .
the results of fine - tuning bert and hubert ( hubert model ) after applying the transfer features are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in terms of accuracy and gain . bert significantly outperforms qqp in all aspects ( except transfer accuracy ) except for accuracy on the transfer role . this indicates that bert is better at selecting the correct transfer role and its output is more transferable . snli and rte outperform bert in transfer accuracy as well as gain , but do not exceed the bert baseline on any transfer task . with respect to transfer accuracy , bert outperforms snli , rte and sst ,
the results of fine - tuning bert after applying the transfer features are shown in table 1 . the model achieves the best results with a 94 % accuracy on the transfer task with a gap of 2 . 67 points from the baseline bert .
table 3 presents the results of hubert transfer using the best performing source and target corpora . all models trained on snli outperform their snli and rte - trained counterparts in terms of accuracy on all transfer tasks . specifically , the difference is most prevalent in accuracy on bert transfer , where snli consistently leads to better accuracy and transfer quality compared to rte and qqp .
the results are shown in table 1 . all icd - 9 models trained on the weighted auroc test set show that the bag - of - words feature - values alone do not add significantly to the recall of the models , indicating that the weighting of the features is important . however , when combining all the features , the results are markedly better : unigrams and bigrams ( all features ) alone add significantly more than the weight of notes ( i . e . , more than 2 . 5 % ) to the primary ccs recall and the top - 5 recall . the same tendency is observed in the weighted auprc test set , which shows that the combination of features and weighting is important for the model to achieve the best results . finally , we observe that the quality of the bag of words is relatively the same across all features , showing that it is strictly a case of selecting the features that are relevant to the task at hand and selecting the ones that are not .
the results are shown in table 1 . all the methods show improvements on the rte test set for sst - 2 and qqp , with the exception of bert12t . the smaller performance gap between bert3 and bert6 shows that the latter relies less on repetition .
the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on all three similarity benchmarks : mrpc , qqp and mnli . adabert - sst - 2 achieves the best performance with 91 . 2 % on average compared to previous models . on the other hand , it is inferior on all the comparison benchmarks except for mrpc where it obtains 86 . 4 % performance .
table 5 shows the effect of the β = 0 term on the efficiency loss term in sst - 2 and qnli test sets . as expected , β decreases as a result of the loss term being reduced , and α becomes more stable with β = 4 .
table 4 shows the effect of particular knowledge loss terms on the performance of our model compared to prior work on sst - 2 , qnli , and rte . the results are shown in bold . our l - based model outperforms all the base - kd models except for mrpc , indicating that it is better at selecting the relevant features and its output is more interpretable .
the performance of our model m - bert on cmu - mosi is shown in table 1 . our model significantly outperforms the current sota across all evaluation metrics . it significantly improves the performance of sota1 , sota2 and sota3 over the state of the art models and bert . additionally , it improves upon the corr ↑ and f1 scores of all three evaluation metrics by significant margins . across all metrics , our model improves the sentiment prediction performance by more than 2 % over the previous best state - of - art model .
inference times in ms are shown in table 1 . the gaussian mask only model outperforms the rl model in all aspects except attention . attention span is the most important in the attention span metric , followed by length of sentence , and precision .
table 3 shows the number of images after which the me score falls below threshold . our model achieves the best performance with an absolute improvement of 0 . 2 points over the best previous state - of - the - art model on all metrics .
the results are shown in table 3 . all models show high accuracies on both en - de and en - fr test sets , with the exception of random blstm , which obtains a lower success rate . the best results are obtained by the random approach , which verifies the effectiveness of the hierarchical clustering feature . however , when using soft - attention instead of random - att , the model achieves the best results , and achieves over 90 % success on both test sets . next , we compare our approach with the previous state - of - the - art methods . we find that the combination of random and hotflip improves performance on both tests sets , but only when compared with the original approach . when using the automatic neural network approach , the performance drop from random to random is less pronounced , but still significant : 2 . 2 % overall improvement over the performance of random , 3 . 6 % over the naive approach .
in the en - de test set , all models trained on the hotflip transformation outperform random and soft - att . the results are shown in table 3 . in particular , the results are presented in bold for l1 , l2 and lblstm2 . min - grad and soft - att reduce repetition , but help the model to improve over the random approach . moreover , the improvement over soft - att is much larger than that under random , indicating that the feature - rich attention mechanism is more useful for the task at hand .
the results of the best performing blstm models are shown in table 3 . the en - de model outperforms all the baselines except random and soft - att . min - grad and hotflip outperform random , but do not exceed the performance of soft - att , indicating that the latter relies on superficial cues . moreover , the results are markedly worse than those of random , suggesting that the superficial cues are important for the model to perform optimally . when trained with the additional data augmentation , the performance drop is much larger than that of random . retrieving the most important features from the input data is difficult because the size of the data is small and the training set is very small .
table 2 shows that the degradation of sacrebleu decreases as a function of the proportion of bitext data that is noised . as the table shows , the noised fraction decreases , the better performance of the model decreases .
table 4 compares the scores of our forward and reverse models for different flavors of bt for wmt16 enro . it can be observed that the it . - 2 and it . - 3 models significantly outperform the models using the bitext and sennrich 2016 embeddings . the reverse models perform similarly to the former models , with the exception of the case of the noisedbt model . the results are shown in table 4 .
table 5 shows the performance on wmt15 enfr , with bitext , bt , noisedbt , and taggedbt . our model improves the results over the previous state - of - the - art models across all three baselines except for the case of bitext . it outperforms the best previous models in terms of average weighted f1 score on all but one of the datasets .
attention sink is measured by the attention sink ratio on the first and last tokens and entropy ( at decoder layer 5 ) for the models in table 3 . the results are shown in table 6 , it can be observed that the noised and tagged datasets have higher attention sinks than the natural text , indicating that the added attention sinks are more useful for the task at hand . we notice that the p3bt model has the worse performance compared to the original bitext model in both cases .
in table 7 we compare the performance of standard and noisedbt decoding for avg 13 - 17 and avg 17 - 17 , compared to the best previous state - of - the - art decoder models . we show that the difference in decoding performance is most prevalent in the " tagged " mode , which refers to the unlabelled bt tags . the difference is most pronounced in avg 13 , 17 , where the standard decoder performs significantly worse than the noised bt model .
table 9 shows the source - target overlap for both back - translated data with decoding newstest as if it were bitext or bt data . the gap between the taggedbt and bitext decodes is 8 . 9 % ( t - test , p < 0 . 01 ) which shows that the tagged decoder has better performance on the bitext dataset .
distributhe distribution of the documents in the reuters - 8 dataset is shown in table i . it can be observed that there is a significant imbalance in the distribution of documents across the classes , indicating that some classes are more prevalent than others and others are less frequently used .
the performance of each approach is presented in table 4 . we present precision on the error reduction and coverage measures for the five similarity test sets . tf - msm outperforms all the other methods except mvb in all but one of the comparison sets except for sa . the difference is most prevalent in accuracy on the clustering test set , which shows the performance reach the best when using the best performing feature extraction algorithm . in comparison , mvb outperforms the lsa , lsa with tfidfbow features and svm features , while the gap between the two is narrower .
table 3 presents the results of the second study on the errant and m2 task . our system outperforms the previous state - of - the - art on both metrics by a significant margin . the conll - 2014 dataset significantly boosts performance for both systems with the m2 metric achieving 4 . 63 % and 3 . 66 % higher f1 scores compared to previous state of the art models .
the distribution of the messages that were classified into these categories is shown in table iii . from the top 10 most frequently commented messages , antichat is the most frequently classified category followed by hackforums , followed by sell , buy , sell , other and other .
results for the second set of experiments are shown in table 3 . we show the performance of our final model on the three domains . the performance on all three domains is significantly better than the previous state of the art models . for example , on the hack forums dataset , our model ( logistic regression ) outperforms all the state - of - the - art models except for f1 on prec and recalls . on the other hand , it performs significantly better on the antichat dataset , both for general topics and specific mentions .
table 1 presents the results of our final model on the semantic similarity task . our model outperforms all the baselines except syntactic information with a large margin . semantic similarity is qualitatively superior to syntactic and semantic information , while syntactic information is inferior to semantic information . the difference is most prevalent in the similarity task , which underscores the differences in expressing semantic information across all task types .
the results are shown in table 1 . all metrics show that the fine - tuned bert outperforms the pre - trained bert embedding model when trained and tested on the wikipassageqa dataset . the difference is most prevalent in map metrics , which shows the performance drop in performance between pre - training and in - domain bert embeddings .
table 3 compares the performance of our trained model with previous works on the peyma and arman word embeddings . our model outperforms all the previous works except for bokaei and mahmoudi ( 2018 ) .
table 1 shows test set f1 on the in domain and out domain datasets for morphobert , beheshti - ner - 1 , and ictrc - nlpgroup . the results are broken down in terms of performance on test data and f1 scores . morphobert outperforms all the other models except for team - 3 , which obtains the best performance on the out domain dataset . the results reconfirm that the semantic information injected into the training data by the additional cost term is significant enough to result in a measurable improvement in the f1 score . it can also be observed that , for the out - of - domain dataset , the performance gap is narrower than in the in - domain data , confirming the effectiveness of the add - value feature .
table 3 shows the scores of all the robots for different medical device and sports rehabilitation tasks as well as the average score of the repair machine for each term in question . from left to right , we show the scores for all the medical devices and their averages for repair tasks . " hydroelectric dams " dominate all the others with a large margin , while " strain " and " stress " are the only ones that are statistically significant better than " expression " .
table 3 presents the results on the visual test set of the multi - newsnet ( mnet ) and wtp ( wtp + vg ) networks . as can be seen , the performance of both systems is significantly worse than that of the pre - trained bilstm models .
table 3 presents the results on the training set for multi - newstarget ( mt ) and word2vec topics . as a baseline , we present the average of cnn : rand , averageized by the number of frames , and multi - word embeddings for each target . for mt , the results are presented in black - aligned and white - aligned word2vec .
table 3 summarizes the results of all models trained on the multi - news dataset . as can be seen , the smaller performance gap between mt and od significantly boosts performance for all models except for those using wtp . for example , in all but one case , wtp outperforms mt except for in the case of " majority b " case when using multi - target training data .
the accuracy ( % ) of the ml models for nlu . according to table 2 , golve - based and svm models have higher accuracy on intent detection and slot filling compared to random baseline , indicating that the performance gain comes from a better model design . however , hmm and golve have lower accuracy on slot filling , which shows the performance loss from mixing the training data .
the results of the second study are shown in table 4 . we confirm what klinger et al . ( 2017 ) report : the system was able to “ understand ” my questions relatively easily and provide answers to my questions in a reasonable time ; however , it was unable to answer some questions which were strongly disagreeable ( i . e . , those in which i strongly disagree with ) . the effectiveness of the gui was proved by a noticeable drop in performance from 50 . 0 % to 33 . 3 % in the percentage of responses provided when using the gui . the drop of performance demonstrates that the gui design is suitable for reading the provided answers and that the system is able to handle the task of answering questions with ease .
table 3 presents the results on the similarity test set for google + and wikipediapassageqa . the results are presented in bold . our proposed approach outperforms the unsupervised and supervised baselines on all similarity tests except for aviation . on the other hand , it outperforms bm25 and tf * idf on all the comparison tests except aviation , which shows the advantage of supervised ir baselines . table 3 shows the results of the best approaches for similarity testing on the three domains . we observe that our proposed approach significantly outperforms both the baselines with which it is comparable and performs best on the comparison test set with respect to all three similarity tests .
table 3 presents the results of the second study on the three types of tokens for syntactic , semantic and thematic rankers . the results show that our system outperforms the best previous approaches across all three categories , with the exception of syntactic rankers ,
induced hierarchies are shown in table 4 . they include the most important components for the task at hand : the source domain , the target domain and the goal domain . all the components are present in their correct place in the correct hierarchical context . however , the difference in expressing the sentiment is most prevalent in the topic domain , which underscores the importance of the word embeddings . from this group of components , the most distinctive ones are the part - ofspeech patterns that refer to complaints or complaints ( cf . table 4 ) , which are strongly related to sentiment .
the results of cross - lingual evaluation are shown in table 5 . the difference in performance between en - test and de - test is minimal , however it is significant compared to ub and rnd , confirming the importance of word embeddings . across all languages , the ub - trained en - train outperforms the de - train ,
the results are shown in table 1 . egfr outperforms ndcg and kras on all metrics except for " auto - rank " . the difference between map and egfr is most prevalent in the " auto / cosine " metric , which shows that the latter relies on word embeddings optimised for the task at hand . further , the difference between " auto " rank and " feat " metric is less pronounced for kras , indicating that the training set optimizes the training data for a higher correlation with human judgement .
the bilstm uses fasttext embeddings bojanowski et al . ( 2017 ) and similarly shows that it is comparable to the performance of the best previous approaches ( cf . table 1 ) . the ub model achieves high precision on the epistemic activities with a f1 score of 93 . 29 , which indicates significant improvement in the human upper bound . similarly , ub improves its generalization ability over the baselines by 1 . 59 points .
table 3 presents the results on text and context for bert models . the results are broken down in terms of performance on features and context . " text " and context features dominate all the others , while " context " and " tagged spans " dominate the others . adding handcrafted spans improves the results for text features , but does not improve the context feature significantly . additionally , the handcrafted logits improve the performance for all features except for " text " . when using tagged spans , the bert logits perform slightly better than when using text features . however , when using all the features at once , the performance drop is much larger .
the results of experiment 1 are presented in table 2 . we show the performance of all the techniques used in the experiments for persuasion . the most representative ones are flag - waving , assertion and argumentation techniques . the results are broken down in terms of performance on three key test sets . " flag - waving " technique achieves the best performance with a f1 score of 0 . 013 , followed by " exaggeration , minimisation " and " appeal to authority " . further , " statement waving " achieves the second - best performance with 0 . 002 and " f1 " scores respectively . all the techniques combine to produce a remarkably similar output : we see that the combination of flag - waving , exaggeration and minimisation achieves the most consistent results .
table 4 shows the ranked entity scores for kras validation and pik3ca testing . the relevance model significantly boosts the ndcg @ 10 score and the map score , indicating that the relevance model is more effective in generation of entity representations . it also improves the recall scores for both datasets .
table 1 compares the performance of previous evaluation tools with ours ( linspector web ) on the tasks for wst , dt and ps tasks . we find that all the tools used in previous evaluations outperform ours in terms of all aspects except for word embeddings .
table 6 presents the refinement terms for some of the most prevalent cancer drugs for english - speaking patients . we show in bold our best performing model ( pictrelisib ) on the five different diseases for which it is used .
the results of all the difficulty prediction approaches are shown in table 1 . all the models show significant performance drops compared to the original ones . mlp even gets worse performance than bilstm and svm ( differences are statistically significant at p < . 01 ) .
table 2 presents the results for both strategies on each corpora with randomly sampled target difficulties for each corpus . as can be seen , the difference in performance between brown and gutenberg is much smaller than that between sel and size .
table 3 shows the mean error rates e ( t ) per text and strategy . as can be seen , the smaller sel scores deviate significantly from the default def ( differences are statistically significant at p < . 01 ) for all three strategies ,
the results are shown in table 1 . with lexicon and data - lexicon baseline trained on the training data , framenet outperforms all supervised and unsupervised baselines except for f1 - m , which shows significant performance drop when trained and tested on the new lexicon baseline . lexicon baseline embedding model significantly improves results for all models except for those without lexicon , showing that the semantic information injected into the model by the lexical features is significant enough to result in a significant improvement in performance . however , it should be noted that this improvement is not statistically significant compared to that obtained with lexicon .
in table 3 , we present the results of the best performing baselines for english and french captions . our model outperforms all the baselines except soft - attention ( xu2015show ) and adaptive ( lu2017knowing ) in all but one case . the difference is most prevalent in the accuracy on bleu - 1 , which shows the performance of algorithms trained on adversarial supervised and unsupervised learning data .
table 1 shows the fraction of incorrect summaries produced by recent summarization systems on the cnn - dm test set , evaluated on a subset of 100 summaries . the summaries generated by pgc see17 , fas chen18 , and bus gehrmann18 are all significantly less accurate than the original summaries by a significant margin . in fact , the fas system is only slightly better than the pgc system in terms of both rouge scores and average summary length .
table 1 shows that the nli models outperform random and sse models on average when trained and tested on the original dataset . the results are broken down in terms of δ and val , with δ representing a drop of 3 . 0 % and 3 . 1 % respectively compared to the performance of the original model . sse outperforms random and infersent , showing a significant performance boost of 8 . 7 % and 9 . 4 % over the baseline model , respectively , on the unlabelled dataset .
french contraction rules are shown in table 2 . the most striking thing about these rules is that they apply only to words that are already in the system , and only to those that belong to the domain of the learner ( e . g . , vois et vois ) . essentially , the rules apply to all learner whose utterances are accompanied by a sentence or two containing the word " vois " .
table 1 summarizes the results for the greek word analogy task . disjoint dbless and wbless setups are presented in table 1 . originally , all the data for the datasets shown in this table are available in the unlabelled state - of - the - art , with the exception of learner . the difference between learner and adv is minimal , however significantly significant with respect to bibless , with a gap of . 957 and . 955 points in the gap between the two sets . next , we present the results of the setup for the disjoint and standalone datasets . from the above table , we can see that the setup setup setup is crucial for both groups to achieve outstanding results . it helps to improve the quality of the shared vocabulary by significantly boosting the performance of the sg and the word analogy tasks . with the help of word2vec topics , we set up the following tasks : the setup of the learner ( lebanoff et al . , 2018 ) requires minimal setup time , as the goal is to maintain the quality at the level of the original postle , without sacrificing too many features .
results are shown for both postle models ( dffn and adv ) , two target languages ( spanish and french ) and three methods for inducing bilingual vector spaces : ar [ artetxe et al . , 2018 ] , co [ conneau , conneau , and smith , 2018 ] , and sm [ smith , 2017 ] . all three methods yield significant improvements in precision ( ap ) for the spanish and french embeddings , which shows that the derivational approach by itself induces a substantial improvement in the performance across the two languages .
the results of the experiments on the conll and stanford rule - based test sets are shown in table 1 . the results reconfirm that the hierarchical clustering approach , when combined with effective coreference , is superior to the traditional methods of clustering and supervision . specifically , it improves the precision scores on the standard and nested test sets , and the average number of iterations of the training set over the baselines .
the quality of the regression model ’ s predictions on the test set is shown in table 1 . the random regression model makes significantly better predictions than the experimental model in all cases except for in experiment 3 .
table iii presents the performance of our system with respect to different syntactic representations . pos - han outperforms pos - cnn and st - cnn , indicating that the semantic information injected into the model by the additional cost term is significant enough to result in a significant improvement in performance . however , the accuracy remains the same across the three systems , indicating the performance is severely impacted by the cost term . our system outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models across all three datasets .
the performance of our system compared to the previous state - of - the - art models on the test set is presented in table iv . our combined model outperforms both the original and the disjoint embeddings . the difference is most prevalent in the performance on ccat10 and blogs50 datasets , which shows the performance reach the best when combined with effective han modeling . syntactic and lexical - han models perform similarly on both datasets , but the difference is narrower than in the previous set . we conjecture that this indicates that both the training set and the han models rely on superficial cues .
table v compares the performance of our method with the baselines for ccat10 , blog10 and blog50 . the results are presented in table v . the results show that our method significantly improves the performance across all three datasets .
the models show the test performance on each dataset for each dataset . syntax - cnn outperforms the n - gram cnn and the cnn - char models , while svm - affix - punctuation achieves the best performance on blogs50 . the best performances are obtained by the style - han model , which verifies the effectiveness of its syntactic and semantic features . we observe that the style - enhancers outperform the original embeddings , indicating that the semantic information injected into the model by the additional cost term is significant enough to result in a significant improvement in performance . however , it should be noted that the accuracy obtained by svm is significantly lower than that by cnn , likely because the latter relies on word - error removal .
the results of the second experiment are shown in table 3 . we observe that the lstm models with c - based learning models outperform the models with svm - trained models without . the difference is most prevalent in the svm test set , where c - learnt models perform significantly worse than the models trained on svm without . ns scores are significantly lower than those of svm with c + trained models , indicating that the training on the noisy training data may not be beneficial for the model optimising prediction quality .
the results of the second experiment are shown in table 3 . we observe that the lstm models with c - based learning models outperform the models with svm - trained models without . the difference is most prevalent in the svm test set , where c + lstm rbl consistently leads to significantly higher precision ( p < 0 . 05 ) and f1 scores ( p > 0 . 1 ) compared to that of svm with rbl alone . moreover , the difference is much narrower than in the previous experiment , confirming the effectiveness of parameter sharing .
table 3 presents the results on precision , recall , f - score and error rate reduction . the best performances are obtained by t + a and t + v models , which show significant performance improvement over the monolingual approach . with respect to precision , multi − [ ital ] and recall , svm achieves 4 . 2 % and 3 . 9 % overall performance improvements over the best previous state - of - the - art models , respectively , on average .
table 3 presents the results on precision , recall , f - score and error rate reduction . the best performances are obtained by t + a and t + v models , which show significant performance improvement over the monolingual baseline on all metrics except precision . in particular , multi − [ ital ] and unimodal models achieve 4 . 3 % and 3 . 4 % overall performance improvements over the best baseline models , respectively , on average .
the results are shown in table 4 . speaker dependent and speaker independent models outperform the best - performing models using all the features available from the previous state - of - the - art models . the difference is most prevalent in precision , recall and f - score , which shows that the speaker dependency is strictly superior to the effect of context . however , when using context instead of speaker , the results are only slightly better . the best results are obtained using the best multi - task learning model , best ( t + v ) consistently shows that context alone does improve the task performance , and helps the model to improve recall and precision . while the sample size of the context - aware model is small , it is comparable to the performance of the original model with a comparable number of features .
