can be seen that on all datasets , our proposed model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art in terms of f - score . on dm and pas datasets , our proposed model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art in terms of f - score . on amr datasets , our proposed model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art in terms of f - score . on eds datasets , our proposed model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art in terms of f - score and smatch f - score .
can be seen that biobert outperforms bert on both mednli and snli , and that the improvement is statistically significant ( t - test , p - value 0 . 01 ) .
see that both no - project and distillation models perform similarly , with elmo slightly outperforming the distillation model . however , both models outperform the non - distillation model for but and negations , and both outperform the distillation model for but and neg .
using the crowdsourced data , we identified 447 sentences from the sst2 dataset which got marked as neutral and which got the opposite of their labels in the sst2 dataset . we crowdsourced another 234 sentences , which got the opposite of their labels in the sst2 dataset . we used various thresholds of 0 . 50 , 0 . 66 , 0 . 75 and 0 . 90 for the sst2 dataset . we also experimented with no - distill , no - project , and elmo on these 447 sentences . we found that the no - project approach leads to higher inter - annotator agreement than the no - distill , no - project approaches .
can be attributed to two factors . first , the quality of the word embeddings is better than the concept embeddings , which in turn improves the model ’ s performance . second , the idf - trained word embeddings perform better than the tf - trained word embeddings for both types of input , with the best performance for tf - trained word embeddings and the best performance for idf - trained word embeddings . third , for both types of input , tf - trained word embeddings provide better results than idf - trained word embeddings , with the best recall scores for tf - trained word embeddings and idf - trained word embeddings for both types of input .
can also be seen that models trained with glove embeddings outperform those trained with tf or idf embeddings , for both types of input , with the best overall performance being achieved with the + and - classifiers .
can see that our method outperforms all the baselines and achieves comparable performance with the state - of - the - art results on both datasets .
can be seen that on both cnn and lstm the baselines are boosted by the use of the word embeddings and the concatenation of the embeddings . on the other hand , on the dt network , the baseline is boosted by the use of the concatenation of the word embeddings and the glove vectors . on the other hand , on the lstm network , the baseline is boosted by the use of the concatenation of the word embeddings and the concatenation of the word embeddings . on the other hand , on the dt network , the combination of the word embeddings and the concatenation of the word embeddings yields the best results . on the other hand , on the cnn network , the combination of the word embeddings and the concatenation of the word embeddings yields the best results . on the dt network , the combination of the word embeddings and the concatenation of the word embeddings and the concatenation of the word embeddings yields the best results . on the lstm network , the combination of the word embeddings and the concatenation of the word embeddings yields the best results . on the cnn network , the combination of the word embeddings and concatenation of the word embeddings yields the best results . on the dt network , the combination of the word embeddings and concatenation of the word embeddings yields the best results . on the lstm network , the combination of the word embeddings and concatenation of the word embeddings yields the best results . on the dt network , the combination of the word embeddings and concatenation of the word embeddings yields the best results .
can see that the sat model always outperforms the baseline models regardless of the size of the back projection layer ( k = 2 ) or the back - translation layer ( k = 4 ) . in particular , on wmt and iwslt datasets , the bleu score of sat is always higher than that of the baseline model . similarly , on the iwslt dataset , the bleu score of sat is always higher than that of the baseline model . this indicates that the back - translation layer ( k = 4 ) is more effective than the single back - translation layer ( b = 2 ) for sat .
model sizes , with or without dummy nodes , are marked in bold . we can see that with a hidden size of 100 or 200 , the model runs much faster , but the accuracy does not improve further . with a hidden size of 600 , the model runs much faster but the accuracy does not improve . we can see that with a hidden size of 900 , the model runs much faster but the speedup does not increase with the size of the dummy nodes .
can see that the s - lstm achieves the same accuracy as the lstm with only a fraction of the parameters . the s - lstm is able to achieve similar accuracy as the lstm without any augmentation .
can be seen that the s - lstm outperforms the baselines by a large margin and is faster to train and test than the transformer and the other stacked architectures . the s - lstm also outperforms the transformer and the other stacked architectures by a large margin and is faster to train and test than the other architectures .
can be clearly seen that the bilstm model significantly outperforms the slstm model in all the datasets . especially in the case of videos , the bilstm model reduces the training time by more than 50 % compared to the slstm model . especially in the case of audio and video , the bilstm model reduces the training time by more than 50 % compared to the slstm model . in the case of still images and videos , the bilstm model reduces the training time by more than 50 % compared to the slstm model .
can be seen that all our models are able to outperform the baseline bilstm model of newcitemanning2011part , despite that they use a much larger amount of training data ( 254 vs . 254 ) to achieve the same accuracy .
model architecture , training procedure , and number of epochs are shown in tab . our best model achieves a f1 score of 91 . 93 , outperforming the previous state - of - the - art model , newciteluo2015joint , by a large margin of 1 . 6 % .
bleu and rouge - l scores for english - to - german and english - to - french , respectively , are shown in table 2 . our character - based model outperforms both baselines and achieves the best results on the development set . interestingly , the difference between the best results on the development and test sets is not statistically significant .
first experiment on the webnlg dataset . we compare to the state - of - the - art results on the webnlg test set in terms of bleu and rouge - l . for the baseline , we used the single best model trained on the development set . for the two new challenges , tilburg - smt and upf - forge , we used the best model trained on the test set . for the new challenge , we used the best model trained on the development set and averaged the results over ten runs . we observe that both the word - based model and the character - based model outperform the baseline and the upf - forge system .
increasing the number of layers in synst ’ s parser decreases the speedup significantly while marginally impacting bleu . we find that randomly sampling k from 1 . . . 6 during training boosts bleu significantly without significantly impacting speedup .
e2e and webnlg have similar average bleu and rouge scores , while the human scores are lower than the other two . the human scores are averaged over using each reference as prediction once . the results are averaged over using each human reference as prediction once . the average bleu and rouge scores for e2e are higher than for webnlg . the difference between e2e and webnlg is smaller than for webnlg . the difference between webnlg and e2e is smaller than for webnlg .
character - level model outperforms the word - level model in terms of overall correctness across all error types , with the exception of punctuation errors and grammatical errors where the difference between the e2e and webnlg models is less than 1 % .
table , we show the average percentage of new texts ( % new texts ) produced by humans and by webnlg models over the entire training set . we can see that the proportion of new texts produced by webnlg is lower than that of e2e , but human texts are more diverse than that of webnlg and the average percentage of unique words is higher than that of other models .
manually rated the generated texts against 10 randomly sampled test instances of a word - based model trained with synthetic training data from two different templates . the evaluation is done on the basis of a contingency - based evaluation metric c @ n , which counts the number of correct texts ( with respect to content and language ) among the top n hypotheses . the top n hypotheses are judged by three annotators , who are asked to rank the generated texts based on their quality .
can be seen that our model outperforms all the baselines and achieves state - of - the - art performance in terms of both rouge and lexrank .
use the same experimental setup as filippova and altun the unsupervised baseline performs better than the supervised baseline , and the compression rate is close to the value reported by the supervised method .
temp5 and temp10 consistently outperform the non - adversarial baselines in both rouge and cr . interestingly , the non - adversarial baseline na + cat performs similarly to temp5 and temp10 in the extractive setting as well .
can be observed that for the first sub - task , the performance on the classification sub - task was worse than the performance on the identification sub - task . for the second sub - task , the performance on the classification sub - task was better than on the identification sub - task . for the third sub - task , the performance on the classification sub - task was slightly better than on the identification sub - task .
show that when the token decoder deviates from the predicted chunk sequence , it usually results in a translation that is closer to the ground - truth target syntax .
can be seen that using a self - learning decoder performs better than using a teacher - forcing method when using an auto - regressive rnn as a decoder . using an auto - regressive decoder works better than using a teacher - forcing method when using an auto - regressive rnn as a decoder .
first , the quality of the sentence embeddings is controlled by their capacity to process long sequences of data . for sick - r and sick - e , the quality of the embeddings is controlled by their capacity to process long sequences of data . for sick - r , the quality of the sentence embeddings is controlled by the capacity of the encoders and the decoders . for sick - e , the quality of the sentence embeddings is controlled by the capacity of the decoders . for sick - e , the quality of the sentence embeddings is controlled by their capacity to process long sequences of data . for sick - e , the quality of the sentence embeddings is controlled by the capacity of the decoders .
train nmt models with full word and byte pair vocabularies . all models are trained with annealing adam and all experiments are averaged over 3 optimizer runs . we see that byte pair vocabularies perform similarly to full word vocabularies on all tasks . in comparison to full word models , bpe vocabularies are able to improve over bpe vocabulary sizes by a large margin .
first compare our pre - selection results against existing models : lstm - word , char - cnn , syl - cnn , syl - avg , and syl - concat . we can see that all syl - cnn models outperform the lstm - word model and the char - cnn model , and all syl - cnn models outperform the char - cnn model . the best results are obtained by the syl - concat model , which outperforms all other models . the best results are obtained by the syl - concat model , which outperforms the other models by a large margin . the best results are obtained by the syl - sum model , which outperforms all other models .
can be seen that the performance of the char - cnn model is significantly better than the other models , and the improvement is statistically significant ( t - test , p - value 0 . 01 ) . the char - cnn model also outperforms the syl - cnn model , but the improvement is statistically insignificant ( t - test , p - value 0 . 01 ) . the char - cnn model also outperforms the syl - concat model , but the improvement is statistically insignificant ( t - test , p - value 0 . 01 ) . the char - cnn model also outperforms the syl - concat model , but the improvement is not statistically significant ( t - test , p0 . 01 ) .
experimented with two variants of rhn : ( i ) rhn - char - cnn , ( ii ) rhn - syl - concat , and ( iii ) rhn - syl - concat . both variants have 8 - layer recurrent layers , 650 - dim lstm cells , and 20m parameters . the depth is 650 , and the dlm dimension is 439 . the model size is 13m .
esim ’ s accuracy on fever one is . 760 , while it ’ s . 260 on fever title one . in addition , the kappa of esim on fever title one is . 517 , while the kappa of transformer on fever title one is . 433 .
use esim on fever title five and transformer on fever title one to evaluate our claim and evidence concatenation . we use esim on fever title five and esim on fever title one to evaluate our claim concatenation . we compare our claim and evidence concatenation results with the ground truth claim and evidence concatenation results . we use esim on fever title five and esim on fever title one to evaluate our claim concatenation results . the esim on fever title five outperforms the transformer on fever title one in terms of both support accuracy and claim kappa . the esim on fever title one outperforms the transformer on fever title five in terms of both support accuracy and claim kappa . the esim on fever title one also performs better than the esim on fever title five .
first evaluate evidence retrieval using single - evidence claims . we evaluate using the first half of the development set , which contains single - evidence claims . tfidf retrieved only 66 . 11 % of the time . adding titles in tfidf improves retrieval to 68 . 3 % . + titles in tfidf retrieved 68 . 3 % of the time . + ne retrieved 80 . 8 % of the time . + entire articles + ne + film retrieved 81 . 2 % of the time . using the entire article ( 90 . 1 % of the time ) improves retrieval to 89 . 1 % .
use ne + film retrieval for fever evaluation . the development and test sets use the same ne + film retrieval pipeline , and the fever score is averaged across the three retrieval pipelines . the system with the best development fever score is the one with the best test fever score .
first considers the isolated example experiment mapping from 2000 2001 . we take the top - 3 predictions from the original dataset , the top - 5 predictions from the new dataset , and the top - 10 predictions from the original dataset . note that the top - 10 predictions from the new dataset are worse than the top - 5 predictions from the all dataset . this shows that the quality of the all datasets is lower than the quality of the new datasets , which suggests that there is still room for improvement .
can be seen that glove performs well on unseen pairs , and even outperforms a baseline that predicts only on unseen pairs . this shows that glove can generalize to unseen pairs with a small amount of training data , even if the training data is not large .
direct encoding models outperform our encoding - only and encoding - only models on the te3 and td datasets . interestingly , the encoding - only model outperforms our encoding - only and encoding - only model on the td and te3 datasets . this suggests that the encoding - only model is more effective than the encoding - only and encoding - only models for this task .
can see that in general the f1 - score is higher in half - sequences , with the exception of the illegal onion dataset , where the f1 - score is lower in half - sequences .
ebay has the fewest wikifiable entities , at 38 . 6 % . the illegal onion has a slightly higher percentage of wikifiable entities , at 50 . 82 . 31 , and the legal onion has a slightly higher percentage of wikifiable entities at 50 . 82 . 31 . this highlights the difference between these two types of domains .
compare our method against recent neural sentence - level baselines on the conll - 2002 dataset . our method improves upon the previous state - of - the - art on all of the datasets tested except for s15 .
compare our model with the state - of - the - art neural text classification models raganato et al . ; raganato et al . ; raganato et al . ; raganato et al .
can see that ppr consistently outperforms the other context based methods ( ppr_w2w , pprnf and dfs_ppr ) across all the datasets . moreover , the performance of ppr_w2wnf is slightly worse than the performance of ppr on the whole dataset s07 , which suggests that the use of context information is more important than the use of context information for understanding the data . on the other hand , comparing the performance of ppr and dfs_ppr , we find that ppr_wnf and ppr on their own do not significantly improve the performance .
first observation is that bow , ngram , doc2vec and bag of means all outperform hn - att yang et al . it is also interesting to note that the bow - att model performs slightly worse than the hn - att model on the swbd dataset . this could be attributed to the fact that the dataset is much smaller than the one used in yang et al . therefore , it is more challenging for the hn - att model to learn a suitable model for the dataset .
show that our irnet achieves the best performance on both development and test set . it outperforms other syntax - based models including seq2seq and sqlnet by a large margin . it also outperforms syntaxsqlnet ( augment ) by a large margin . this further demonstrates the effectiveness of irnet .
firstly , we observe that the performance of irnet is better than that of syntaxsqlnet . in particular , in the “ easy ” and “ hard ” questions , irnet ( bert ) achieves higher accuracy than the other models . in the “ easy ” and “ hard ” questions , irnet ( bert ) achieves higher accuracy than the syntaxsqlnet . in the “ hard ” and “ extra ” questions , irnet ( bert ) outperforms the original syntaxsqlnet in all the three questions .
show that syntaxsqlnet outperforms all the baselines on both sql and semql , which demonstrates the effectiveness of syntaxsqlnet . it is worth noting that bert embeddings have better performance than other pre - trained embeddings , which demonstrates the effectiveness of syntaxsqlnet .
further improves the accuracy of the classifiers on the supports and refutes cases for the symmetric test set in the setting of re - weighting with residual weights ( r . w ) . the results show that re - weighting has a positive effect both for the models and on the generated pairs .
interestingly , the gap in performance between the train and development sets is smaller for the bigrams with more words in the training set than for the development set . this may be due to the fact that the distribution of words in the training set is skewed towards the most frequent words and the model is forced to learn to select more frequent words to predict .
newsqa model . we evaluate the impact of finetuning the model on squad by comparing the performance of a baseline model trained on newsqa with a model finetuned on squad using the data generated by a 2 - stage synnet ( snet ) . the baseline model is a bidaf f1 model trained on newsqa without any fine - tuning . the fine - tuned squad model achieves 46 . 3 exact match and 60 . 8 span f1 on the development set . the model trained on squad achieves 47 . 9 exact match and 61 . 5 span f1 on the development set compared to a baseline trained on mnewsqa alone , and the combination of snet with mnewsqa and snet yields 61 . 5 span f1 score .
can be clearly seen that our goal - oriented dialogue model outperforms the vanilla dialogue model in terms of both number of turns and accuracy . it is not surprising that the human annotator is more persistent in the fake dialogues it generates , e . g . , 80 % of the dialogues in the first dataset are actually achieved by the model , whereas only 13 % are achieved by the model in the second dataset . the results also indicate that the state - aware dialogue model is more effective than the vanilla dialogue model in the datasets .
can see that in most cases , when predicting a word by its pos tag , the precision of the prediction is higher than that of the prediction . however , in some cases , the precision of the prediction is lower than that of the prediction . this is because in chinese - japanese translation , predicting a word by its pos tag is more difficult than predicting a word by its corresponding pos tag . for example , in english - french translation , the precision of the prediction of a verb is higher than that of a noun , and the precision of a verb is higher than that of a verb .
model architecture , training data , and evaluation metrics are given in table 2 . our model outperforms all the baselines on both semeval - 15 and semeval - 16 by a large margin on both datasets . in particular , our model improves the acc . of semeval - 15 from 79 . 10 to 83 . 1 and the macro - f1 from 62 . 14 to 67 . 45 . in semeval - 16 , our model improves the macro - f1 from 62 . 14 to 68 . 41 . it is worth noting that our model has achieved the best results on semeval - 15 .
study a reports the performance of a bidaf model finetuned with a 2 - stage synnet . in study b , we vary k , the number of mini - batches from squad for every batch in newsqa . in study b , we vary k , the answer type and how much of the paragraph we use for question synthesis . in study a , we vary k , the number of mini - batches from squad for every batch in newsqa . in study b , we vary k , the answer type and how much of the paragraph we use for question synthesis . in study b , we vary k , the answer type and how much of the paragraph we use for question synthesis . in study a , we vary k , the answer type and how much of the paragraph we use for question synthesis . in study b , we vary k , the answer type and how much of the paragraph we use for question synthesis . we find that using all of the paragraph for question synthesis outperforms using 2 sentences before answer spans , while using all of the paragraph for question synthesis . we also find that using all of the paragraph for question synthesis outperforms using all of the paragraph for question synthesis . we conjecture that this is due to the fact that most paragraphs in the answer span are in the span of the question , while using all of the paragraph for question synthesis requires the full paragraph for answer synthesis .
can be seen from the results that for all corpora , the health category outperforms the all - biomed category , and the health health category outperforms the all - biomed category . interestingly , for the health category , the health bio category outperforms the all - biomed category , suggesting that there may be a mismatch between the domains , with the health category having more training data than the bio category .
uniform ensemble , es2enhealth , and en2esbio , for the three task categories health , medicine and biomed , and en2eshygiene . we can see that the health task benefits from multi - task learning with an increase in performance for the biomed domain over uniform ensemble , while performance for the other tasks degrades .
ensembles of bidirectional models ( bi ensemble , = 0 . 5 ) perform better than a uniform ensemble , with the bi ensemble performing best on cochrane and similar to a uniform ensemble .
uniform ensembles do not perform as well as bi for the es2en and en2de tasks . we suspect that this is due to empathetic biases in the datasets and the model itself , rather than a result of the models learning better generalizations .
escape is a commonsense knowledge based text classification dataset . escape has 77 . 42 bleu score on the dev set and 37 . 68 bleu score on the train set . the escape dataset has 77 . 42 bleu score on the dev set and 37 . 68 bleu score on the train set . the escape dataset has 37 . 68 bleu score on the dev set and 37 . 68 bleu score on the test set .
first observation is that the mt as pe model performs poorly compared to the other models . the gaussian model performs better than the other models , which is expected since the mt model is trained in a single direction . the uniform model performs better than the gaussian model , which is expected since the mt model is trained in a single direction . the ensemble of 5 models achieves the best result .
can see that processed mt has a higher bleu score than mt as pe , which is expected as the mt is a sequence tagging task . the gaussian model performs slightly better than the other models , but still falls behind the uniform model and the ensemble x5 model .
using lexical examples significantly improves the diversity of the output , with all conditions outperforming the baseline . the novelty bonus condition has the smallest effect on diversity , with only a small effect on grammatical accuracy . however , using lexical examples has a large positive effect on both diversity and accuracy , with mixed examples having the largest positive effect on diversity . the novelty bonus condition has a large positive effect on both diversity and accuracy , with the largest positive effect on pinc .
can be seen that triframes watset outperforms hosg cotterell et al . hosg cotterell et al . hosg devlin et al . hosg devlin et al . hosg devlin et al . hosg cotterell et al . hosg devlin et al . hosg cotterell et al . hosg cotterell et al . hosg cotterell et al . hosg cotterell et al . et al . we can see that triframes watset outperforms hosg on all metrics for all verbs and objects , and outperforms hosg on f1 for all verbs and objects . we can also see that triframes watset outperforms hosg devlin et al . et al .
can see that lda - frames achieves the best performance in terms of both nmpu and nipu . triadic spectral and triadic cw perform better than triadic spectral and whole in terms of nmpu but not in terms of nipu . we can also see that triadic k - means outperforms triadic spectral and triframes cw in terms of nipu but not in terms of nmpu . moreover , we can see that triadic k - means outperforms triadic spectral and triadic cw in terms of nmpu but does not outperform the whole model in terms of f1 .
can see that the proposed rr model outperforms the current state of the art in terms of both max f1 score and 11 - point interaction point accuracy .
performs better than state of the art on the large data set with an 11 - point iap of 58 . 79 . compared to the baseline , rr achieves an 11 - point iap of 58 . 5 .
use the following data sets to evaluate the proposed model . we use the following data sets to evaluate the proposed model : cadec ( advanced drug event classification ) , conll2003 ( newswire ) , reuters rcv1 ( reports from the conference on life sciences ) , jnlpba ( journal of natural language processing and bioinformatics ) , wetlab ( food and drug ) , full - length , open - access journal articles about biology , and scienceie ( journal of computer science , material science and physics ) . we use the following data sets for training : craft : full - length , open - access journal articles about biology ; jnlpba ( jnlpba ) : full - length , open - access journal articles ; scienceie ( scienceie ) : full - length , open - access journal articles ; scienceie ( scienceie ) : full - length , open - access journal articles ; scienceie ( scienceie ) wetlab ( wetlab ) : full - length , open - access journal articles about computer science and physics ; craft ( wetlab ) :
study the correlation between the similarity measures and the effectiveness of pretrained models . we compute the correlation coefficients between the word vectors and the effectiveness of the pretrained models . the higher the value of the correlation , the better the pretrained model performs .
compare the performance of our best pretrained models and the publicly available ones on cadec , conll2003 , craft , wetlab and scienceie , using glove embeddings and elmo language models . our model outperforms all the publicly available models on all the datasets except craft .
first , we investigate the impact of the hyper - parameter setting on the effectiveness of pretrained word vectors . for ‘ def ’ , we set the word embedding parameters to the default values in word2vec . for ‘ opt ’ , we set the hyper - parameter setting proposed in ( chiu et al . in ‘ def ’ , we set the embedding parameters to the default values in word2vec . for ‘ opt ’ , we set the embedding parameters to the default values in ( i . e . , the default setting ) . we observe that the default setting ( ‘ def ) performs better than the ‘ opt ’ setting ( ‘ def ) on scienceie and wetlab , respectively .
deixis is the most common source of discrepancy in context - agnostic translation , followed by anaphora . speaker / addressee gender discrepancy is the most common reason for discrepancy in context - agnostic translation , followed by t - v distinction . speaker / addressee gender discrepancy is the most common reason for discrepancy in context - agnostic translation , followed by gender discrepancy . speaker / addressee gender discrepancy is the second most common type of discrepancy , followed by different speaker / addressee gender discrepancy ( 02 % ) and other types of discrepancy ( also excluding anaphora ) .
can see that the proposed sglr module significantly improves the performance over the random initializations ( rc ) model , and the improvement is more significant for larger event sets ( 500 + ) . the proposed sglr module improves the f - measure on all the datasets .
rc with random initialization performs similarly to the rc with specialized resources , achieving a higher f1 - score . the rc with fixed sg initialization performs slightly worse than the rc with random initialization . the rc with fixed sg initialization outperforms the rc with random initialization and the rc with fixed sg initialization in terms of f1 - score .
first we perform an error analysis on 50 fp and 50 fn randomly selected from the test set . we observe that rc with the fixed sg performs better than the model with the initial sg . this suggests that the fixed sg is better at handling infrequent arguments and mistakes in ground - truths . secondly , we notice that the model tends to over - represent complex arguments in the training set . we suspect that this is because the model tends to over - represent complex arguments in the training set .
can be seen that for all the datasets , our ling + gat achieves significant improvements ( p0 . 05 ) over the baselines ( ling + random , ling ) , and the baselines ( ling and ling + pv , ling + n2v ) . for the hate speech dataset , our ling + gat also significantly improves over the baselines ( p0 . 05 ) .
, the number of submissions to the nmt systems is listed in the first column . the second column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems for each language pair . the first column lists the total number of submissions for each language pair . the first column lists the total number of submissions for each language pair . the first column lists the total number of submissions for each language pair . the second column lists the total number of submissions for each language pair . the first column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the second column lists the number of submissions for each language pair . the first column lists the number of submissions for each language pair . the second column lists the number of submissions for each language pair . the first column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the first column lists the number of submissions for each language pair . the second column lists the number of submissions for each language pair . the first column lists the number of submissions for each language pair . the first column lists the number of submissions for each language pair . the first column lists the number of submissions for each language pair . the second column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the first column lists the number of submissions for each language pair . the first column lists the number of submissions for each language pair . the first column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the first column lists the number of submissions for each language pair . the first column lists the number of submissions for each language pair . the first column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the first column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the second column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the first column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the first column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the second column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the first column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the first column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the first column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the first column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the first column lists the number of submissions received by the nmt systems . the first column lists the
of the discrepancies in context - agnostic translation caused by ellipsis we observe that the vp - ellipsis causes the most discrepancies , accounting for 66 % of the discrepancies . the second most common type of discrepancy is caused by the wrong morphological form ( 66 % ) , followed by the wrong verb ( 14 % ) . the third most common type of discrepancy is caused by other errors ( 14 % ) .
first model ( m . 1 ) uses only bow + logreg , while the second model ( m . 2 ) uses bilstm and bert . the difference between means of predicted positive class probabilities for sentences with female nouns and sentences with male nouns is statistically significant with p0 . 01 ( after applying bonferroni correction ) .
seen pairs , unseen modifiers , and unseen reference colors . for each test condition , we report the mean and standard deviation ( sds ) cosine similarity between the predicted and observed embeddings . for unseen modifiers , we report the mean and standard deviation ( sds ) between the predicted and observed embeddings . for seen colors , we report the mean and standard deviation ( sds ) between the predicted and observed embeddings . for unseen modifiers , we report the mean and standard deviation ( sds ) between the predicted and observed embeddings . for all models , we report the mean and standard deviation ( sds ) between the predicted and observed embeddings . for all models , we report the mean and standard deviation ( sds ) between the predicted and the observed embeddings .
cadec trains with p = 0 . 5 . the results are not statistically different from the baseline , and are in the range of 30 - 32 % bleu , so we assume no statistically significant difference .
are the numbers of tweets with the same label , the number of tweets with different labels , and the number of tweets with the same label . the number of tweets with the same label on both the source and target side is 1 , 268 . the number of tweets with the same label on both the source and target side is 5 , 418 . the number of tweets with the same label on both the source and target side is 1 , 268 . the number of tweets with the same label on both the source and target side is 3 , 650 . the number of tweets with the same label as the original label are 3 , 650 . the number of tweets with the same label as the original label are 1 , 268 . the number of tweets with the same label as the original label is 1 , 268 . the number of tweets with the same label as the original label is 1 , 268 . the number of tweets with the same label as the original label are 1 , 268 . the number of tweets with the same label as the subset of inferable labels is 2 , 964 . the number of tweets with the same label as the original label are 1 , 268 . the number of tweets with the same inferable labels is 2 , 964 .
compare our model with yang et al . ( pce lstm ) model yang et al . ( zhang et al . , 2017 ) on the f & c clean and the new data datasets . for the development dataset , our doq + 10 - distance model performs better than the pce lstm model of yang et al . however , for the new datasets , our doq + 3 - distance model outperforms the pce lstm model of yang et al . ( pce lstm ) model by a large margin .
using the 10 - distance threshold , we achieve a new state - of - the - art result , exceeding the previous best result by more than 2 % .
evaluation is intrinsically valid for both the us and indian annotators . the intrinsic evaluation is based on the assumption that if two annotators categorize an object as having a certain dimension , they would agree that the word is of the type and hence the median falls within the range of at least one of the dimensions . the intrinsic evaluation is valid for both the us and indian annotators .
besides the sarcasm scores , we also computed scores for other sarcastic scores in the corpus . for each sarcasm score , we computed the sarcasm score for the associated text . for each sarcasm score , we computed the sarcasm score for the associated text . for each sarcasm score , we computed the sarcasm score for the associated text . for each sarcasm score , we computed the sarcasm score for the associated sarcasm scores . for each sarcasm score , we computed the sarcasm score for that sarcasm score .
use the bert pre - trained models to classify fake news and satire articles . the best performing model is able to distinguish between fake news and satire articles , with a f1 - score of 0 . 78 .
first observation is that concatenating all contexts improves the performance for both deixis and lexical cohesion . interestingly , the performance of s - hier - to - 2 . tied does not improve over the baseline in terms of lexical cohesion . however , it does improve the performance for cadec in terms of lexical cohesion . this suggests that the lexical embeddings learned by cadec capture well the syntactic structure of the sentences and are thus beneficial for this task .
first compare the classification results between fake news and satire articles using the baseline multinomial naive bayes method , and the linguistic cues of text coherence and semantic representation using coh - metrix . we find that the linguistic cues of text coherence and semantic representation are significantly better than the baseline , and the pre - trained bert model outperforms the coh - metrix in all metrics .
first , we compare ment - norm with other baselines on aida - b . guorobust zhang et al . shortciteguorobust zhang et al . shortcitep16 - 1059 wang et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 wang et al . shortcited17 - 1276 wang et al . shortcited17 - 1276 wang et al . shortcited17 - 1276 wang et al . shortcited17 - 1276 wang et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et al . shortcited17 - 1276 lin et
can be clearly seen that our method outperforms the state - of - the - art on all the four datasets and achieves the same average accuracy as the other methods .
interestingly , the lstm + att model performs consistently better than the lstm model in terms of all the metrics with a small drop in the epoch criterion ( 101 ) , indicating that the proposed model robustly captures episodic patterns in the data .
can see that both concatenation and s - hier - to - 2 . tied approaches are significantly better than the baseline . cadec outperforms s - hier - to - 2 . tied on both inflectional and verbal ellipsis and is comparable to the baseline on verb ellipsis .
interestingly , we observe that the bilstm + att model performs better than the lstm + att model in terms of all the evaluation metrics when the number of attention heads is increased from 8 to 40 . the lstm + att model also outperforms the model by ultes et al .
newcitejoint1 and newcitejoint2 are our baseline models for ner . we report mean f1 - measure results over the test portion of our dataset averaged over 10 replications of the training with the same hyper parameters . newciteext_m_feat is our extended multi - task model that achieves an f1 - measure of 83 . 47 .
evaluation is similar to the ner evaluation , in that we report results averaged over 10 training iterations . we also compare our models against the state - of - the - art in the field , namely the joint model of newciteyuret2006decision_lists and the joint multi - task model newciteshen2016role .
adding knowledge graph information to the base models showed an absolute improvement of 4 . 97 % and 1 . 36 % in case of fasttext and glove in case of fasttext and glove respectively . adding knowledge graph information to the base models showed an absolute improvement of 4 . 87 % and 1 . 36 % in case of bioelmo and esimw / k lu et al . adding knowledge graph information to the base models showed an absolute improvement of 4 . 87 % and 1 . 36 % in case of bioelmo and esimw / k lu et al . the baseline models utilizing bioelmo as base embeddings showed an accuracy of 78 . 2 % . we were able to improve these results by adding knowledge graph information to the base models by adding the knowledge graph information to the model .
model performance decreases as the probability of using corrupted reference increases . we hypothesize that this is due to a limitation in the lm : if the reference is corrupted , the model may learn to ignore it during training . we show the bleu scores for 3 context sentences , and the corresponding bleu scores for deixis and ellipsis . we also show inflection scores and vice versa ( vp ) scores for each of these .
first evaluate the performance of the traditional classifier in phase 2 given documents from seen classes only . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of the seen classes and is in the top - 5 unseen classes , then it is likely to be in the top - 5 unseen classes for that document . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of the seen classes and is in the top - 5 unseen classes for that document , then it is likely to be in the top - 5 unseen classes for that document . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of the top - 5 documents , then it is likely to be in the top - 5 documents for that class . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of the top - 5 documents , then it is likely to be in the top - 5 documents . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of the top - 5 classes , then it is likely to be in the top - 5 classes . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of the top - 5 classes , then it is likely to be in the top - 5 classes . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of the top - 5 classes , then it is likely to be in the top - 5 classes . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of the top - 5 classes , then it is likely to be in the top - 5 classes . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of the top - 5 classes , then it is likely to be in the top - 5 classes . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of the top - 5 classes , then it is likely to be in the top - 5 classes . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of the top - 5 classes , then it is likely to be in the top - 5 classes . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of the top - 5 classes , then it is likely to be in the top - 5 classes . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of the top - 5 classes , then it is likely that it belongs to one of the top - 5 classes , and if it is in the top - 5 , then it is likely to be in the top - 5 classes . intuitively , if a document belongs to one of
can be seen that the glove word embeddings perform better than the elmo embeddings for both the general and fine classifiers . moreover , the elmo embeddings significantly improve the performance for both the general classifier and the fine classifier . compared to elmo , elmo embeddings improve the recall for both the general class and the fine classifier .
can be seen that our glove embeddings perform better than elmo and even outperforms the previous state - of - the - art method by a large margin when using elmo embeddings w augmentation . this shows that elmo embeddings are effective at capturing the semantics of uncased entity mentions , and adding augmentation to them boosts performance .
can be clearly seen that our denoising methods outperform the baselines and the heuristic baselines for all word pairs in both datasets . among the denoising methods , the overlap method achieves the best results . the heuristic baselines do not perform as well as our method . the reason might be that our denoising methods do not generalize well to unseen words , which is the main reason why they do not perform well on unseen words . for unseen words , the performance of a denoising method is worse than that of raw data .
first observation is that using pre - trained elmo word representations significantly improves performance on both macro and micro f1 compared to the non - augmented elmo . adding the augmented elmo boosts performance on both macro and micro f1 compared to the non - augmented elmo , demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed method .
show that the average number of types added and deleted per example by the relabeling function is 0 . 87 , 0 . 36 , and 2 . 03 , respectively . for the head dataset , the average number of types added is 1 . 18 , and the average number of types deleted is 1 . 15 . the right - most column shows that the rate of examples discarded by the filtering function is 10 . 0 % .
, we report the average number of groups that respond to each message and the average number of response tokens per group for each message and response . we report the average number of groups for each message and response in addition to the overall average number of tokens in each message and response . we report the average number of groups for each message and response in addition to the overall average number of tokens in each response . we report the average number of groups for each message and response in addition to the overall average number of tokens in each response . we report the average number of groups in each message and the average number of responses per message and the average number of groups for each message and response . we report the average number of groups in each message and the average number of response / group for each message and response . we report the average number of groups in each message and the average number of response / group for each message and response . we report the average number of groups in each message and the average number of response / group for each message and response . we report the average number of groups for each message and response . we report the average number of groups in each message and the average number of response / group for each message and response . we report the average number of groups in each message and the average number of response / group for each message and response . we report the average number of groups in each message and the average number of response / group for each message and response . we report the average number of groups in each message and the average number of response / group for each message and response .
tf - idf , cnn , lstm , bimpm , rde , rde - ltc , and crf are all reimplemented from the vanilla tf - idf . lstm , cnn , and crf are all reimplemented from the vanilla lstm . we can see that all the reimplemented models outperform the baselines , and crf achieves the best performance in 1 in 2r @ 1 , 1 in 10r @ 2 and 1 in 10r @ 5 . among all the reimplemented models , crf , ltc , and crf are the best performing models .
can be seen that compagg outperforms all the baseline models and achieves the best performance in 1 in 10r @ 1 on both the ubuntu - v2 and fedora corenlp datasets . we can also see that compagg outperforms compagg on fedora corenlp dataset .
can be seen that our hrde model achieves the best performance on the samsung qa dataset in terms of both 1 in 2r @ 1 and 1 in 10r @ 5 . compared to rde and hrde - ltc , our hrde - ltc achieves better performance in terms of 1 in 2r @ 1 and 1 in 10r @ 5 . specifically , our hrde - ltc outperforms rde and rde - ltc in terms of 1 in 2r @ 1 and 1 in 10r @ 5 .
can be seen that our iwaqg model outperforms all the baselines in terms of all the metrics and achieves significant improvement on rouge - l and meteor .
show that our iwaqg model outperforms the baselines in terms of all the metrics at different accuracy levels and training proportions , demonstrating the effectiveness of our iwaqg model . for example , at 80 % accuracy , our iwaqg model achieves a bleu - 4 score of 47 . 69 , which is the highest among all the models . at 70 % accuracy , our iwaqg model achieves a bleu - 4 score of 47 . 69 . at 80 % accuracy , our iwaqg model achieves a bleu - 4 score of 48 . 69 , which is the best among all the models . when the accuracy level is 70 % or more , our iwaqg model achieves a bleu - 4 score of 48 . 69 , which is the highest among all models .
compared to the “ only qg ” baseline , the “ iwaqg ” model improves the recall of all questions with at least 50 % accuracy on every interrogative word . the “ upper bound ” model achieves the best performance on “ who ” , “ what ” , and “ how ” questions . compared to the “ only qg ” model , the “ iwaqg ” model improves the recall of all questions with at least 50 % accuracy on “ who ” , “ who ” , and “ other ” questions . the “ upper bound ” model achieves the best performance on “ who ” questions , and the “ who ” questions have the highest accuracy . compared to the “ upper bound ” model , the “ who ” questions have the highest accuracy , and the “ who ” questions have the highest accuracy .
experimented with different components of our interrogative - word classifier . it shows that each of the components contributes to the overall performance of the classifier .
also shows the recall and precision of our interrogative - word classifier . the highest recall is for the who question , and the lowest precision is for the who question . the recall of the who question is higher than the recall of the who question , and the precision of the who question is higher than the who question . the recall of the who question is higher than the who question , and the recall of the who question is higher than the who question . the recall of the who question is higher than the who question , and the precision of the who question is lower than the who question .
controls the number of edges and nodes in the treebank , and controls the number of connections between edges and nodes . controls the number of edges and nodes in the treebank , and controls the number of connections between edges and nodes in the treebank . controls the number of edges and nodes in the treebank , and controls the number of connections between edges and nodes in the treebank . controls the number of edges and nodes in the treebank , and controls the number of edges and nodes in the treebank . controls the number of edges and the number of nodes in the treebank , and k controls the number of connections . controls the number of edges and number of nodes in the treebank , and k controls the number of connections . controls the number of edges and number of nodes in the treebank . controls the number of edges and number of nodes in the treebank .
show that our cpr model significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art model deptree at p0 . 01 with 1000 bootstrap tests . our model also significantly outperforms textonly and kbesteisnerps which are both based on attention .
can be seen that our edgewiseps model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art model deptree with a large margin . we also compare our model with biobert lee et al .
can be seen that our deptreeps outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models , c - gcn and c - aggcn guo et al . moreover , our kbesteisnerps outperforms the previous state - of - the - art model , deptree .
can be clearly seen that our method significantly outperforms all baselines when using the dense - attentive typing ( att ) strategy . we can also see that the performance of our method is not directly related to the size of the training dataset , which demonstrates that dense - attentive typing does not work well for small datasets .
can be clearly seen that katt contributes a lot to the performance , especially when the number of training instances is small , which is in line with our expectation . besides , katt outperforms all the other components , especially the hierarchical convolutional network ( gcns ) .
left , our model outperforms all the other embeddings in the similarity task , and outperforms all the other embeddings in the wup task . we hypothesize that this is because wup tends to focus on the semantics of the whole sentence , whereas path2vec and other embeddings focus on nouns and verbs .
first we compare the performance of our graph - based vs vector - based classifiers against the random sense classifier of 0 . 381 on senseval - 2 and senseval - 3 and the vector - based vs vector - based classifier of 0 . 393 on semeval - 15 . we can see that most of the graph - based vs vector - based measures outperform the random sense classifier . we can also see that on semeval - 15 , the vector - based measures tend to outperform the graph - based measures on semeval - 2015 , while graph - based vs vector - based measures tend to outperform random senses on semeval - 2015 .
use spearman ’ s rank correlation to measure word - level similarity . we see that embeddings trained on polyglot outperform varembed by a large margin , and that embeddings trained on a larger dataset , polyglot + mimick , are competitive with varembed .
w / system retrieval , we show the results of our model with and without oracle retrieval . we can see that our model with oracle retrieval outperforms other models in all metrics . especially , our model with oracle retrieval achieves a significant improvement over the seq2seq baseline . this shows the effectiveness of our model .
using both mimicking and full data , the character - based model outperforms the word - based model by a large margin . the char - based model outperforms the word - based model by a large margin and outperforms the tag - based model by a large margin . the char - based model outperforms the tag - based model by a large margin and outperforms the other character - based model by a large margin . the char - based model outperforms the word - based model by a large margin and is competitive with the character - based model .
using both mimicking and full data , the character - based model outperforms the char - based model by a large margin . the tag - based model performs even better than the no - char model for all languages . the tag - based model outperforms the no - char model for all languages .
character - level embedding model is able to improve the bleu scores on all languages when provided with the embeddings ( full vocabulary ) , as well as on oov ( ud ) tokens . the gap between the embedding models is larger when training with the full vocabulary , compared to training only on embeddings from the training set , where the embedding models are provided with the missing embeddings . the gap is larger when training on embeddings from the test set , compared to training on the full vocabulary .
can be seen that the script model outperforms both the human and the linguistic models in terms of both accuracy and perplexity . the script model performs better than the linguistic model in tasks such as “ getting a haircut ” , “ repairing a flat bicycle tyre ” and “ planting a tree ” . script models perform better than the linguistic models in tasks such as “ tree planting ” , “ repairing a flat bicycle tyre ” and “ planting a tree ” . script models perform better than the linguistic models in tasks such as “ placing a tree ” .
can be seen that our models outperform the baselines in terms of mrr and p @ 1 by a large margin , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our model . moreover , we can see that with encoded evd representation , our model outperforms the seq2seq baseline , which demonstrates the effectiveness of encoded evd representation in our approach .
considering both human and linguistic factors , we find that linguistic factors account for a larger portion of the variance in the z - score than other factors . we find that , while the linguistic factors account for a larger portion of the variance in the z - score , they do not significantly change the distribution of the z - score . this suggests that linguistic factors play a more important role in estimating the z - score .
interestingly , elmo is not as sensitive to downstream context as glove , and the opposite is true for elmo : on both keller and sp - 10k , elmo embeddings are more sensitive to downstream context than glove . on the other hand , elmo embeddings are less sensitive to downstream context than glove , and the difference is not significant .
word2vec embeddings have better performance than d - embeddings for both nouns and adjectives . however , for nouns , the models with d - embeddings are better than the ones with glove , for both the noun and the adjective categories .
, we compared mwe against language models trained on the same data . overall , the mwe model outperforms both language models and elmo , while training time is significantly less with bert .
= 1 is the default training strategy , while = 0 is an alternative training strategy that alternates between a fixed learning rate schedule and a fixed learning rate schedule . the averaged sentence precision ( spa ) of the model trained with = 1 is 0 . 762 , while the overall sentence precision ( ws ) is 0 . 018 . the training strategy that alternates between a fixed learning rate schedule and a fixed learning rate schedule is called “ alternating optimization ” . the training strategy that alternates between fixed and alternating learning rates ( = 0 . 5 ) is called “ alternating optimization ” . we can see that a fixed learning rate schedule ( = 1 ) improves the performance of the model overall , and a fixed learning rate schedule improves the performance of the model .
use a learning rate of 0 . 025 and a batch size of 4096 . the linearized derivation models are trained for 8 epochs with a learning rate of 0 . 2 and a batch size of 8 with a learning rate of 0 . 1 .
can see that plain bpe and transformer models both outperform the seq2seq baseline and the transformer model with pos and bpe embeddings achieve better bleu scores than the previous state - of - the - art result morishita et al . moreover , the transformer with pos and bpe embeddings outperforms the seq2seq model and the transformer model with linearized tree embeddings .
using a linearized tree lstm for derivation still improves over the plain bpe baseline . the linearized tree lstm also outperforms the plain bpe baseline . the linearized tree lstm also outperforms the plain bpe baseline . the linearized tree lstm also outperforms the plain bpe and pos / bpe ensembles .
can see that the best overall results are achieved by the unk model , which performs well on most tasks but notably fails on russian - to - english , a language with very different scripts than english . the best overall results are achieved by the split model , which performs well on most tasks but notably fails on russian - to - english , a language with very different scripts than english . the unk model also performs well on most tasks but notably fails on russian - to - english , a language with very different script .
rf , dnn and spmrl outperform yap , rf and spmrl on all datasets except for the wiki5k dataset , where dnn performs slightly better . we also see that udpipe performs slightly better than yap on both datasets , but rf performs slightly worse than yap on the wikipedia5k dataset .
can see that expansion is by far the most important feature , followed by lexicon . removing vowels results in a drop in f - score for all features . expansion plays a particularly important role in the final model . removing letters results in a drop in f - score for all features .
is the maximum number of forward passes per sentence to evaluate in the exhaustive verification . we use a maximum perturbation space of 49 square characters for the sst dataset and 260 square characters for the ag dataset . we use a maximum perturbation space of 1 , 2 , and 3 for the sst and ag news datasets . we use a maximum perturbation space of 1 , 2 , and 3 for the ag dataset .
can be divided into two groups : 1 ) adversarial training , where the training data is randomly sampled from the training data ; and 2 ) adversarial testing , where the training data is randomly sampled from the training data . for the adversarial training , we use the sst - character - level adversarial data and the ag - character - level adversarial data , which are the same as the sst - word - level adversarial data . for the data adversarial training , we use the sst - word - level adversarial training data and the ag - character - level adversarial training data . for the ag - character - level adversarial data , we use the sst - word - level adversarial data and the ag - character - level adversarial data . for the sst - word - level adversarial data , we use the sst - character - level adversarial data and the ag - word - level adversarial data . for the sst - character - level adversarial data , we use the sst - word - level adversarial data and the ag - character - level adversarial data . for the sst - character - level adversarial data , we use the sst - word - level adversarial data and the ag - character - level adversarial data . for the sst - word - level adversarial data , we use the sst - character - level adversarial data and the ag - word - level adversarial data . for the sst - character - level adversarial data , we use the sst - word - level adversarial data and the ag - character - level adversarial data and the sst - word - level adversarial data , we use the sst - character - level adversarial data and the ag - character - level adversarial data . for the sst - word - level adversarial data , we use the sst - character - level adversarial data , we use the sst - word - level adversarial data only . for the sst - character - level adversarial data , we use the sst - word - level adversarial data , and the ag - character - level adversarial data , we use the sst - word - level adversarial data and the ag - level adversarial data . for the sst - word - level adversarial data ,
first observation is that the performance of most baselines on the anonymized data is worse than the performance of all systems on the anonymized data . hierarchical heuristics , including hierarchical bert and bert - base , consistently outperform the majority baseline and all baselines on the anonymized data .
first consider the many - to - one mapping approach . we find that , for most languages , this approach yields results comparable or better than a - hmm or e - kmeans . however , for swahili and swahili - english , this approach performs slightly worse than a - hmm or e - kmeans .
see that the cipher - avg is significantly higher than the average of the bleu scores for all parent languages , except for czech , where the cipher - avg scores are only slightly lower than the bleu scores for the best performing model .
can be seen that our combined cipher grounder outperforms the noun tagger in all languages , and that this performance gap is statistically significant ( p0 . 001 ) .
can see that using cipher leads to significant improvements in uas and las across all the languages . our cipher is consistently better than the gold tags in all cases , and the improvements are statistically significant ( p0 . 01 ) .
can see that for most languages , using gold embeddings improves the model ’ s accuracies ( uas and las ) , and in some cases even outperforms the model ’ s baselines .
newcitelwan - etal : 2015 : acl - ijcnlp also performs well on this task . newcitelwan - etal : 2015 : acl - ijcnlp also performs well on this task . newcitelwan - etal : 2015 : acl - ijcnlp also performs well on this task . newcitehan : 2015 : acl - ijcnlp also performs well on this task .
is a cross - lingual corpus consisting of a training set ( training data ) , a development set ( development data ) , and a test set ( test data ) . the target languages are german , english , spanish , hungarian , and icelandic . the target languages are from the same time period as the training data was collected . the target languages are from the same time period as the training data was collected : german , english , spanish , hungarian , and icelandic . the target languages are from the same time period as the training data , i . e . , when the training data was collected from the same time period as the development set , and the test set from the same time period as the development set . the target languages are from the same time period as the training set , and the test set is from the same time period as the training set . the target languages are from the same time period as the training set , and the test set is from the same time period as the development set . the target languages are from the same time period as the training set , i . e . , the training and development sets are from the same time period . the target languages are from the same time period as the training set , i . e . , the training and development sets are from the same time period . the target languages are from the same time period as the training set , i . e . , the training and development sets are from the same time period . the target languages are from the same time period as the training set , i . e . , the training and development sets are from the same time period . the target languages are from the same time period as the training set , i . e . , the training and development sets are from the same time period . the target languages are from the same time period as the training set , i . e . , the test set is from the same time period as the development set . the target languages are from the same time period as the training set . the target languages are from the same time period as the training set , i . e . , the training and development sets are from the same time period . in the case of the development set , the test set is from the same time period as the development set . the target languages are from the same time period as the training set . the target languages are from the same time period as the training set . the target languages are from the same time period as the training set
can see that for most datasets , the performance of identity is very close to that of maximum . however , for some datasets ( e . g . , der , en , pt , slb , sv ) , the performance is significantly worse than that of maximum .
, we computed the mean absolute error ( mae ) and spearman ’ s rank correlation coefficient ( ) for case importance . we find that the majority baseline has a very low mae and a very high spearman ’ s correlation coefficient ( ) for all cases .
first observation is that the local edge + projective decoder model achieves better performance than the k & g edge + fixed - tree decoder model . the k & g edge + fixed - tree decoder model achieves similar performance as our model , but the local edge + projective decoder model achieves better performance than our model . the k & g edge + fixed - tree decoder model achieves similar performance as our model , but the scalebox performance is not as good as our model . the fixed - tree model is close to the jamr - style model , but is worse than our model .
can see that on all datasets , the performance of smatch is at least as good as d ’ 17 , and even better than that of named entity . on all datasets except for 2017 vn ’ 17 , smatch outperforms d ’ 17 by a large margin .
specifically , our noinducedrule setting outperforms our noconceptrule setting , and the nomovingdistance setting outperforms our noreordermodel setting . this demonstrates that our three proposed mechanisms are effective and contribute to the overall performance .
decoding is performed with a 1 - best decoder , which corresponds to a system with one best decoder . for decoding with nonterminals , we use a system with one best decoder , which corresponds to a system with one best decoder . for decoding with terminals , we use a system with one best decoder , which corresponds to a system with one best decoder . for decoding with terminals , we use a system with one best decoder , which we refer to as 1 - best decoder . for decoding with nonterminals , we use a 1 - best decoder , which is a system with one best decoder , and a system with one best decoder , which is a system with one best decoder , and a system with one best decoder , which is a system with one best decoder , which is a system with one best decoder , and a system with one best decoder , which is a system with one best decoder and one best decoder .
, we divide the dataset into train , dev , and test sets . the labels train , dev , and test are evenly distributed . the labels test are slightly more diverse than the labels train . the distribution of the labels on the test set is slightly different from the distribution of the labels on the train set .
can be observed that self - attention based methods ( sl , sld and hrlce ) consistently outperform other methods ( sl , sld and hrlce ) in both development and test set . the main reason for the superior performance of self - attention based methods is that they do not introduce additional noise into the training data . the proposed hrlce method achieves 0 . 7706 f1 on the test set while bert achieves 0 . 7151 . this shows the effectiveness of the proposed method .
performs better than the state - of - the - art jamr system in terms of the intrinsic evaluation metrics , and our model outperforms jamr in terms of the oracle ’ s smatch metric .
can be seen that our aligner consistently improves the performance for both the jamr parser and the camr parser .
single parser model achieves 69 . 6 % on newswire , compared to 68 . 6 % with the jamr aligner , and 67 . 4 % with the x10 parser . moreover , our aligner is more effective than the pos aligner in the x3 and x10 configurations .
can be seen from the table that our approach significantly outperforms all the baselines in all cases except for pos2 and pos3 . in addition , we can see that for all systems except for dynsp , there is no significant difference between the performance of our approach and that of the other baselines .
can be seen from the table that the bleu scores for all the queries are very low . the bleu scores for the queries on the “ person ” and “ gene ” categories are very high . the bleu scores for the “ person ” and “ gene ” categories are very low . the bleu scores for the “ person ” and “ gene ” categories are very low . the bleu scores for the “ person ” and “ gene ” categories are very low . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ protein ” categories are very different from each other . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ virus ” queries are very different from each other . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ protein ” categories are very different from each other . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ protein ” categories are very different from each other . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ protein ” categories are very high . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ protein ” categories are very different from each other . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ protein ” categories are very different from each other . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ protein ” categories are very different from each other . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ protein ” categories are very different from each other . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ virus ” categories are very different from each other . the bleu scores for the “ person ” and “ protein ” categories are very different from each other . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ protein ” categories are very different from each other because they are different . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ protein ” categories are very different . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ protein ” categories are very different from each other . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ protein ” categories are very different from each other . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “ protein ” categories are very different . the bleu scores for the “ gene ” and “
can see that for most datasets , we achieve an f - score of 0 . 9 or higher . for conll - 2003 , we achieve an f - score of 0 . 97 for the location entity type . for biocreative ii , we achieve an f - score of 0 . 85 for the person entity type . for conll - 2003 , we achieve an f - score of 0 . 97 for the location entity type . for biocreative ii , we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 55 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 55 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 85 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 85 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 85 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 85 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 85 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 59 % of the annotations . we achieve an f - score of 0 . 89 with 55 % of the annotations . we achieve a f - score of 0 . 89 with 59 % of the annotations with 55 % of the annotations . we achieve a f - score of 0 . 89 with 55 % of the annotations . we achieve a f - score of 0 . 89 with 55 % of the annotations .
have been used to characterize the coarse text of ontonotes . the coarse text of spoken bible and news was partitioned into the following categories : spoken news , bible , phone and web . the bible was partitioned into spoken and unspoken text . the coarse text of phone and web was partitioned into unspoken and written news . the unspoken text of bible was partitioned into unspoken and written news . the unspoken text of phone and web was partitioned into unspoken and written news . the unspoken text of the bible was also partitioned into spoken and unspoken text . the unspoken text was partitioned into spoken and unspoken text . the unspoken text was partitioned into unspoken and written news . the unspoken text was partitioned into unspoken and written news . the unspoken text was partitioned into unspoken and written news . the unspoken text was partitioned into unspoken and written text . the unspoken text was partitioned into unspoken and written text . the unspoken text was partitioned into unspoken and written text . the unspoken text was partitioned into unspoken text and the spoken unspoken text . the unspoken text was partitioned into unspoken text . the unspoken text was partitioned into unspoken text and the spoken unspoken text . the unspoken text was partitioned into unspoken text and partitioned into unspoken text . the unspoken text was partitioned into unspoken text and partitioned into unspoken text . the unspoken text was partitioned into unspoken text and partitioned into unspoken text .
performs well on the test data but performs poorly on the development data . this is likely due to the fact that the training data is much larger than the validation data and the model has to deal with a much larger number of instances of each type .
can be attributed to two factors . first , the amount of “ notional ” language in the corpus ( i . e . , the percentage of non - notional language in the corpus ) is higher in written form ( i . e . , the percentage of bible - based language ) than in spoken form ( i . e . , the percentage of non - notional language in the corpus ) . second , the amount of “ written ” language in the corpus ( i . e . , the percentage of non - notional language ) is lower than in the corpus . third , the amount of “ spiritual ” language in the corpus ( i . e . , the percentage of non - notional language ) is higher in the “ spiritual ” category ( i . e . , the percentage of bible - based language ) than in the corpus ( i . e . , the percentage of non - notional language ) . third , the amount of “ spiritual ” language in the corpus ( i . e . , the percentage of non - notional language ) is lower in the bible - based category than in the corpus . this is due to the fact that the bible - based language tends to be more religious than the other genres ( i . e . , newswire , bc . news , bc . conv , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . conv , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . news , bc . newswire , bc . newswire , bc . newswire , bc . newswire , bc . newswire , bc . newswire , bc . newswire , bc . newswire , bc . newswire ,
categorisation of proposition types is done in accordance with the structure of ampere . in ampere , non - adversarial propositions ( non - a ) are classified as either fact ( req ) , fact ( ref ) , quot ( quot ) , or non - a ( non - a ) .
can be seen that our proposed method outperforms all baselines by a significant margin in terms of precision , recall and f1 .
show that the proposed model outperforms all - 3 . 0 , the state - of - the - art model by lee et al . and significantly improves over the nan baseline for both mae and r . on factbank , the proposed model achieves a mae of 0 . 427 and a r of 0 . 960 , while for uds - ih2 the model achieves a r of 0 . 768 .
show the performance of all methods with and without the use of gold - standard segmentation . specifically , we show results with and without the use of pre - trained word embeddings . the svm classifier with pre - trained word embeddings achieves the highest overall accuracy and the highest quot score .
is a sequence - to - sequence model with a sequence length of 1000 , and a learning rate of 0 . 001 using adam optimizer kingma and ba all lstm - based models are equipped with an encoder and a decoder with a learning rate of 0 . 0001 , a dropout of 0 . 3 and a beam size of 5 with a learning rate of 5e5 .
use the wmt17 english - german ape corpus varsovi et al . the wmt17 it domain english - german ape corpus vaswani et al . the wmt17 it domain english - german ape corpus vaswani et al . the wmt17 it domain english - german ape corpus vaswani et al . the wmt17 it domain english - german ape corpus vaswani et al . the wmt17 it domain english - german ape corpus is from the wmt17 english - german ape corpus vaswani et al . the wmt17 it domain ape corpus is from the wmt17 english - german corpus bérard et al . the wmt17 it domain is a subset of the wmt 2017 english - german ape corpus , which is a subset of the wmt17 it domain . the wmt17 it domain is a subset of the wmt 2017 english - german ape corpus , which is a subset of the wmt 2017 corpus . we train the model with 11k parallel data and use the rest of the training data as a subset of the wmt 2017 corpus . we observe that adding more parallel data to the training set improves both ter and bleu .
first consider the representation of a concept as a bag - of - words vector . we observe that a bag - of - words vector outperforms a bag - of - words vector . for example , for the word “ is round ” the cbow vector outperforms the glove vector . for the concept “ used for transportation ” , the cbow vector outperforms the glove vector . for the concept “ matrix ” the cbow vector outperforms glove vectors . for the concept “ used for transportation ” , we see that the cbow vector outperforms both the word2vec vector and the backtranslation representations . for the concept “ used for transportation ” , the cbow vector outperforms the word2vec vector . for the concept “ metrix ” the cbow vector outperforms the glove vector . for the concept “ used for transportation ” , the cbow vector outperforms the glove vector .
interestingly , the l - bilstm model outperforms the t - bilstm model for most relations , except for conj , which is outperformed by both the l - bilstm and the t - bilstm model . this may be due to the fact that the t - bilstm model tends to focus more on specific relations , while the l - bilstm model tends more on general relations .
use the following lexicons as external knowledge : lexicon liwc ( lexicon of international lexicons ) , bing liu ( bing liu et al . , 2015 ) , afinn ( anonymous lexicon ) , semeval - 15 ( semeval - 2015 ) , emolex ( emonet ) , lexicon bing liu ( bing liu et al . , 2015 ) , mpqa ( semeval - 2015 ) , semeval - 2015 ) and emolex ( emonet ) . we use these lexicons as external knowledge for evaluating the performance of the model on the sentiment task .
adding encoder supervision to the gated decoder consistently improves over the baseline , demonstrating the importance of sentence - level encoding . the gated decoder achieves better performance than the affine decoder on sent17 and irony18 , and is comparable to the gated decoder on the rest of the datasets . the gated decoder also performs better than the affine decoder on scv1 and scv2 , and is comparable to the affine decoder on irony18 .
can , ca ( n ’ t ) , and would be the most predictive modalities , while would , ca ( n ’ t ) and could are the most predictive modalities , with the exception of the negated would and ca ( n ’ t ) modalities , which are less predictive than the other modalities .
siguni performs better than sigvac on three datasets , and coherence performs better than sigvac on the newsgroups and new york times datasets .
measure the correlation between the quality of the generated topics and the quality of the corresponding human - annotated topics . we include here two metrics measuring both local topic quality and global topic quality . we find that global topic quality is significantly better than the local one for all three metrics . for example , for the newsgroups dataset , the local topic quality of switchp is significantly better than the local topic quality of avgrank . for the newsgroups dataset , the local topic quality of window is significantly better than the local topic quality of sigvac and siguni . for the amazon and new york times datasets , the global topic quality of sigvac and siguni is significantly higher than that of sigvac and coherence .
can be seen that our proposed method consistently outperforms all baselines in terms of all metrics and achieves new state - of - the - art performance . for example , our method achieved a new state - of - the - art in terms of auc at 0 . 5226 in terms of pagerank .
feature groups . we can see that the combination of location , event , and category features all contribute to the performance . the combination of all three features together achieves the best results .
using the uds - ih2 development data , we identified the top 20 instances with the highest absolute prediction error . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type . the bottom 20 instances all have at least one error type . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type present . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type present . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type present . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type present . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type present . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type type . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type type . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type type . the top 20 instances all have at least one error type type . the top 20 instances all have at least one of the above mentioned errors types present . the top 20 instances all have at least one of the above errors types present . the top 20 instances all have at least one of the above errors types present .
, we use cosine similarity to measure the similarity between word vectors . we use kce to show the closest kernel mean after training for each pair of event entities .
also counts the number of n - grams produced by each model for each data point . we observe that bertlarge outperforms bertsmall by a large margin at n = 2 . interestingly , at n = 4 bertlarge outperforms bertsmall by a large margin at n = 2 and n = 4 . interestingly , at n = 3 bertlarge outperforms bertsmall by a large margin at n = 2 and n = 4 . however , at n = 3 bertlarge outperforms bertlarge by a large margin at n = 2 and n = 3 compared to wt103 where self - grams are reduced by a large margin . we also observe that bertlargelarge outperforms bertlarge by a large margin at n = 2 and n = 4 but still lags behind other systems when n = 2 .
can be attributed to the fact that pre - trained gpt models are better at producing high - quality sentences than pre - trained bert models . we believe that this is due to the fact that pre - trained gpt models are better at generating low - quality sentences than pre - trained bert models . we also observe that pre - trained gpt models perform similarly to pre - trained bert models . we believe that this can be attributed to the fact that pre - trained gpt models are better at producing high - quality sentences .
compare our method with state - of - the - art methods on five widely used benchmark datasets : aida - b , msnbc , ace2004 , cweb and wiki . our method outperforms all the baselines by a large margin and achieves an f1 - score of 77 . 96 % on average .
can be seen that when our model is trained on aida conll , it achieves an average f1 score of 84 . 55 . when our model is trained on wikipedia , it achieves an average f1 score of 87 . 23 . when our model is trained on aida conll , it achieves an average f1 score of 84 . 55 . this shows that our method can be applied to other datasets with a small amount of supervision .
disambiguation model is also important to our model . we can see that both the local embedding and the attention mechanism are critical to our model . the local embedding is more important than the attention mechanism . the disambiguation model is also important to our model .
can see that the performance of each ner type is different from each other . the model trained with semi - supervised learning on aida - a performs the best for most of the ner types . however , for some ner types , such as per , there is a noticeable drop in performance .
can see that the gcn - based and att - based baselines perform worse than the baseline for both continuous and discontinuous mwes . the att - based model is worse than the gcn - based model for continuous mwes but better for discontinuous ones . the h - combined model is worse than the h - based model for continuous mwes but better for discontinuous ones . the att - based model is worse than the gcn - based model for continuous mwes but better for discontinuous ones .
use the xcomp - governed training data from uds - ih2 - dev to make predictions on events that are xcomp - governed by an infinitival - taking verb . the models perform better for xcomp - governed verbs such as decide to , forget to , and intend to . the models perform worse on non - xcomp - governed verbs such as try to and forget , but are better for xcomp - governed verbs such as intend to and try to .
can be seen that both the proposed h - combined and the gcn - based baselines significantly outperform the previous state - of - the - art methods on all the four languages , with the h - combined slightly better than the atilf - llf and shoma baselines in the continuous languages .
first , we compare the performance of our baselines against state - of - the - art single - task models . the results show that our multi - task model consistently outperforms the baselines across all tasks and datasets , indicating that multi - task learning is a viable strategy for tackling new tasks that are out of the scope of our current model . for example , on cola , the multi - task model achieves 89 . 2 % accuracy while the single - task model obtains only 69 . 1 % accuracy . on mrpc and qqp , the multi - task model consistently outperforms the random baseline , indicating that our multi - task model is able to transfer knowledge from one task to another , and is able to generalize better to other tasks . similarly , on rte and wnli , the multi - task model consistently outperforms the baselines , indicating that multi - task learning is more effective than single - task learning .
further improves performance on some of the intermediate training tasks , such as mrpc and qqp , but suffers a decrease on others . this may be attributed to the fact that these intermediate - task training tasks are easier for the model to learn with less supervision , while the single - task training tasks benefit more from the additional supervision .
can see that for all tasks except for mrpc , the performance of the baselines is not significantly different from what is reported in the literature . we hypothesize that this can be explained by the nature of the task itself , i . e . , the task itself is not the focus of the supervised learning algorithm .
have a look at the list of ne - tags of numbers in wikipedia . the most frequent ne - tag is number , followed by date , time , duration , set and relation cardinality . the second most frequent ne - tag is number , followed by relation cardinality . the third most frequent tag is number , followed by person , location , organization . the fourth most frequent tag is relation cardinality . the fifth most frequent tag is number .
only - nummod model outperforms the vanilla model in terms of precision , recall and f1 by a significant margin ( p . 005 ) . interestingly , only - nummod outperforms the baseline in terms of recall and f1 by a significant margin ( p . 005 ) .
embedding based models outperform word2vec and lstm embeddings on ara and kor , and perform on par with the average word2vec model on swe .
interestingly , the oov loss does not have a significant effect on average , while the iv loss does not have a significant effect on average either .
can be observed that for each language there is at least one training and testing dataset with which the model can be trained . for example , when training on russian , ukrainian and belarusian , the model achieves an accuracy score of 772 and obtains 760 training and test accuracy scores . when testing on ukrainian and belarusian , the model achieves an accuracy score of 698 and a test accuracy score of 698 . when using the same train and test datasets , the model achieves the best performance .
first evaluate the performance of our neural mrs on the held - out wsj test set . we report bleu and exact - match scores for the full test set ( all words in the wsj test set are covered by the neural mrs models ) , as well as bleu and exact - match coverage for the neural mrs models ( all words in the wsj test set are covered by the neural mrs models ) . for comparison , we also report the coverage of the ace ( erg ) model trained with gold - standard encoder and silver - standard encoder , as well as the neural mrs models with gold and silver - standard encoders , respectively .
model was trained using adam with a learning rate of 0 . 015 and a decay rate of 0 . 05 . the hyper - parameters were tuned using cross - validation on the validation set .
first compare the performance of our character - based models with word - based baselines . the character - based models outperform the word - based baselines by about 1 . 5 % in f1 score . the char - based models outperform the word - based baselines by about 2 . 5 % . the bichar - based models outperform the lstm - based models by about 2 . 5 % . the lstm ′ - based models outperform the word - based baselines by about 2 . 5 % . the lstm ′ - based models outperform the word - based baselines by about 2 . 5 % in f1 score .
report both the performance of the gold - standard segmenter as well as the model proposed by wang et al . using gold - standard segmenter , our model achieves a f1 - score of 68 . 57 . comparing with the best reported results in the literature , our auto - segmenter achieves a new state - of - the - art score of 76 . 40 .
first , we compare our results with the state - of - the - art results on the conll - 2002 dataset . compared with the word baseline , our model achieves a 1 . 4 % absolute improvement in terms of f1 score . the model using bidirectional lstms on the other hand performs better than the lstms on the conll - 2002 dataset . the model using bidirectional lstms on the conll - 2002 dataset performs even better than the lstms on the conll - 2002 dataset .
can be clearly seen that the proposed lattice - based model achieves the best performance in terms of precision , recall and f1 .
first experiment is focused on the english – estonian translation task . the baseline model is a bpe - based monolingual encoder - decoder with a morpheme - based lstm on the encoder and a morpheme - based lstm on the decoder . the encoder is a bpe - based monolingual encoder - decoder with a morpheme - based lstm on the encoder and a morpheme - based lstm on the mt task . the model is trained on the pretrained cognate morfessor baseline with a morpheme - based lstm on the mt task . the model is finetuned on the development set with an ensemble of five models . the model is further improved with an ensemble of five models . the model is further improved with an ensemble of five models . the model is further improved with an ensemble of five models . the model is further improved with an ensemble of five models . the model is further improved with an ensemble of five models .
compare our models against the work of sestorain et al . sestorain et al . achieve a state - of - the - art result of 61 . 26 bleu points in english to spanish translation , and 61 . 26 bleu points in french to english translation . our baselines basic , pivot and agree outperform the work of sestorain et al . using dual data , our models outperform their pbsmt and nmt - 0 baselines by 3 bleu points on spanish to english and 3 bleu points on french to english .
model trained with gold data only performs poorly , achieving a bleu score of 59 . 37 . removing all node attributes results in a bleu score of 59 . 37 . removing the num , tense and edge features results in a bleu score of 67 . 34 . note that all semantic features contribute to the bleu score of 67 . 27 .
can be seen that the basic baseline outperforms the best reported results of sestorain et al . using the same architecture as sestorain et al . ’ s nmt - 0 model , the translation from english to spanish , french to russian , and vice versa , our baselines basic and pivot are competitive with the best reported results of dual - 0 and the pbsmt model .
first compare our models against the best results reported on this task in the shared task . distilling the learned representations using a bidirectional lstm ( bilstm - dnn ) gives a further improvement of + 1 . 56 bleu points averaged across the three translation directions . this improvement is statistically significant according to paired bootstrap resampling ( p 0 . 01 ) .
can be seen that our baselines basic and pivot are very close to each other and outperform both of them by more than 2 bleu points averaged . moreover , our zero - shot system also performs better than the supervised system by more than 2 bleu points .
can be clearly seen that the supervised version outperforms the zero - shot version in terms of bleu averaged across all the tasks , while the results for the zero - shot version are slightly worse . this shows that in the supervised scenario , there is ample opportunity for improvement over the zero - shot counterpart .
can be seen that the bleu scores have been improved in most cases , i . e . , models have been trained with more data , and the improvements are statistically significant ( t - test , p - value 0 . 05 ) .
can be seen that our model outperforms the contextual baseline in all cases , and in particular for the subtitles translation , where the difference is statistically significant .
first observation is that providing context in the current turn improves the performance of the baseline model . however , providing context in the current language or in any other language from previous turns does not help to improve the performance .
compared with the baseline global - dsm method , the proposed utdsm achieves a new state - of - the - art performance in both two space settings : 300 - dimensions . for the avgsimc metric , the proposed utdsm outperforms the previous state - of - the - art . for the maxsimc metric , the proposed utdsm outperforms the previous state - of - the - art . for both the avgsimc and maxsimc metric , the proposed utdsm outperforms the previous state - of - the - art .
use the wsj as the training data and the brown corpus as the development data . the gigaword corpus is much larger than the brown corpus and so we experimented with adding the gigaword corpus instead of wsj as training data . the wsj corpus is much larger than the brown corpus and so we experimented with adding the gigaword corpus instead of wsj .
can be clearly seen that our proposed avgcd outperforms other baselines including lda , global - dsm and maxcd . compared with maxcd , avgcd has a better performance in terms of both precision and accuracy .
can be clearly seen that both maxcd and avgcd can achieve better performance than global - dsm , which indicates that contextual information is important for the task of paraphrase detection .
results show that our proposed method significantly outperforms msp on both datasets . on snips , when 25 % , 50 % and 75 % of classes are considered as known intents , our method achieves the best performance . on atis , when 50 % and 75 % of classes are considered as known intents , our method achieves the best performance . comparing with doc and lof , lof achieves better performance than doc and doc with softmax weighting scheme . lof with lmcl weighting scheme achieves the best performance .
first examine the effect of the truncated average ( ) : when | x | = 4 and | y | = 1 , the system automatically assigns a score to every i - th sentence regardless of the i - th sentence ’ s i - th sentence . when | x | = 4 and | y | = 1 , the system automatically assigns a score to each i - th sentence regardless of the i - th sentence ’ s i - th sentence . when | x | = 0 , the system automatically assigns a score to each i - th sentence based on the i - th sentence ’ s i - th sentence . when = 0 , the system automatically assigns a score of 1 for each i - th sentence . when = 0 , the system automatically assigns a score of 1 for each i - th sentence . when = 0 , the system automatically assigns a score of 1 for each i - th sentence . when = 0 , the system automatically assigns a score of 1 for each i - th sentence . when = 0 , the system automatically assigns a score of 1 for each i - th sentence . when = 0 , the system automatically assigns a score of 1 for each i - th sentence . when = 0 , the system automatically assigns a score of 1 for each i - th sentence . when = 0 , the system automatically assigns a score of 1 for each i - th sentence . when = 0 , the system automatically assigns a score of 1 for each i - th sentence . when = 0 , the system automatically assigns a score of 1 for each i - th sentence , i - th sentence , i - th sentence , and 1 for i - th sentence , a score of 2 for i - th sentence , and 2 for i - th sentence , a score of 2 for i - th sentence , and 2 for i - th sentence , a score of 2 for i - th sentence , and a score of 2 for i - th sentence , respectively .
train an amr model with the gold annotations and evaluate its performance on an dmrs test set . the dmrs generator outperforms the amr generator by 4 bleu points when trained on gold and evaluated on the silver annotations . the dmrs generator outperforms the amr generator by 4 bleu points when trained on gold and evaluated on the silver annotations . the dmrs generator with all attributes performs better than the amr generator .
can be seen that on both datasets , our approach consistently outperforms the baseline across all complexity levels , indicating that our approach can generalize to new and potentially more challenging nli datasets .
- to - context models achieve better performance than the models with memory - to - output or memory - to - context model , both in terms of cross - lingual transfer and meteor . however , the model with memory - only output performs worse than the model with memory - only output , possibly because the model with memory - only meteor does not exploit the cross - lingual information .
can be seen that avg outperforms all other baselines on most of the tasks by a large margin . this suggests that avg is better at learning syntactic and semantic properties of the input sentences than other models .
can be seen that c [ 0 ] outperforms the other variants on most tasks . on the sentiment analysis task , c [ 0 ] achieves the best performance . on the paraphrase task , c [ 0 ] performs similarly to the other variants . on the task of inference , c [ 0 ] performs comparably to the other variants . on the task of sentiment analysis , c [ 0 ] performs comparably to the other variants . on the other hand , c [ 0 ] does not outperform c [ 0 ] . on the other hand , c [ 0 ] performs comparably to the other variants . on the relatedness / paraphrase task , c [ 0 ] performs comparably to the other variants . on the trec dataset , c [ 0 ] performs comparably to the other variants . on the other hand , c [ 0 ] performs comparably to the c [ 0 ] variant .
can see that our p - means model achieves the best performance on the 20 - ng and r - 8 datasets , and outperforms the baselines by a large margin in the sst - 5 dataset . we also see that on the 20 - ng and r - 8 datasets , p - means is on par with or slightly behind the baselines for most of the datasets .
pruned cnet all interjections and hypotheses that have a score below 0 . 001 were removed . the coverage of all words is comparable to the coverage of all values in the manual transcripts . in the pruned cnet all interjections and hypotheses that have a score below 0 . 001 are removed .
network with weighted pooling outperformed the baseline with no pruning and with weighted pooling at the same request threshold ( i . e . , score threshold 0 . 001 ) . the results show that weighted pooling is superior to the baseline with no pruning , and that there is no gain in performance with increasing the request weight .
test set accuracy is 63 . 8 / 66 . 658 . 7 when training on transcripts and asr , and 97 . 78 / 97 . 797 . 2 when testing on the real asr outputs . training on asr and testing on the real asr simultaneously gives the best performance . training on asr and testing on the real asr simultaneously gives the best performance . training on asr and testing on the real asr simultaneously gives the best performance . training on asr and testing on the real asr simultaneously gives the best performance . training on asr and testing on the real asr outputs of the real asr outputs gives the best performance . training on the real asr outputs gives the best performance , i . e . training on asr and testing on the real asr outputs , but testing on the real asr outputs gives the lowest performance .
first we split the gold data into training , development and test sets . then , for each sentence in training and development set , we picked the sentence with the highest bleu score on the development set and used the rest of the sentences as training data . then , for each sentence in test set , we picked the sentence with the highest bleu score on the development set and used the rest for training .
is a character n - gram , and is a prefix . the character n - gram is used to represent a character n - gram . the number of tokens in each batch is the number of tokens that were used for training , validation , and testing . the number of tokens that were used for development is the number of tokens that were used for training , validation , and testing . the tokens that were used for development are the number of tokens that were used for training , validation , and testing .
can be clearly seen that attention - based classifiers generally outperform word - based models in terms of f1 - score and this is reflected by the increased precision and recall of x - bilstm - att . however , the performance of attention - based classifiers is not as good as that of word - based classifiers .
can see that our approach consistently outperforms the baselines when using the same amount of pseudo - parallel data , regardless of the language pair . especially , our approach consistently outperforms the baselines when using the same amount of pseudo - parallel data , regardless of the language pair .
can be clearly seen that proto - adv consistently outperforms proto with both cnn and bert encoders . this demonstrates that bert encoders are particularly well suited for capturing semantics of long sequences .
can be seen from the table that using either bert or proto - blosan outperforms all other baselines in terms of both accuracy and f1 score . when using bert , proto - blosan outperforms bert - pair by a large margin in terms of f1 score . however , in terms of f1 score , the difference between proto - blosan and bert - pair is less pronounced . this is due to the fact that bert and proto - blosan outperform bert - pair in terms of f1 score .
can be seen that our proposed method outperforms all the baselines in terms of all the metrics on all the three datasets . afet - noco performs the worst among all the baselines on all the three datasets . afet - noco performs the best on the ontonotes and bbn datasets , but performs worse than afet on the wiki / figer ( gold ) datasets . the reason is that our proposed method is capable of capturing the semantics of words as well as the syntactic information . compared to afet - coh , afet - noco achieves the best performance on the ontonotes and bbn datasets , which demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed method .
show the average precision , recall and f - 1 scores for different label types in the table . our system outperforms afet in most cases ( except for “ organization ” and “ location ” ) , while afet ’ s performance is comparable to ours .
is_heavy , is_strong , is_thin , is_electric , is_hard , is_heavy_neg and is_electric_neg all have high similarity scores , indicating that they are useful features for answering the question . however , the similarity score for is_hard , is_hard_electric and is_hard_neg all have low similarity scores , which suggests that they are not useful features for answering the question . interestingly , the similarity score for is_hard is a little lower than the other two . however , the similarity score for is_electric and is_hard is higher than for other similarity scores .
model architectures were chosen based on the best performance on development sets . the learning time of the baseline system was reduced from 5h 30m to 2h 30m , with a further reduction of learning time to 5h 30m . the attention - based system , x - bilstm - att , was reduced from 25h 40m to 2h 30m , with a similar number of parameters .
can be seen that all of the properties have very high correlation with their corresponding concreteness scores . for example , full_is_red , full_is_used_in_cooking and full_has_wheels have very high correlation with their corresponding concreteness scores . however , the similarity scores for other properties such as full_is_found_in_seas and full_is_dangerous are all very high .
can be seen that on all datasets , word embeddings conditioned on the word embeddings of the trained model outperform word embeddings trained only on word embeddings , except for the rg65 dataset where word embeddings trained only on the word embeddings of the trained model outperform all other models .
can be seen that our method consistently outperforms the baselines on all datasets except sts16 . on snli , it even outperforms the baseline with a large margin . on cr , mpqa and trec , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin . on sicke , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin . on cr , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin . on sicke , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin and with a large margin . on sts16 , it outperforms the baselines with a large margin . on sicke , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin . on sicke , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin . on snli , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin . on cr , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin . on sicke , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin . on sicke , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin . on cr , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin . on sicke , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin . on cr , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin . on sicke , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin . on cr , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin . on sicke , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin . on cr , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin with a large margin . on cr , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin with a large margin . on sicke , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a large margin . on cr , it outperforms the baseline with a large margin with a
interestingly , the systems do worse on female pronouns than on male pronouns . the rule - based system does better on female pronouns than on male ones ; it even performs worse on female pronouns if the correct answer is male but the correct answer is female but the correct answer is male ( according to bls ) .
can be seen that our model outperforms all the baseline models in terms of all the metrics and achieves the new state - of - the - art performance on the dataset .
advcls and advdat outperform the non - adversarial infersent baseline on the validation set and test set , respectively . on the hard test set , both advcls and advdat outperform the baseline . on the val set , both advcls and advdat outperform the baseline . on the hard set , both advcls and advdat outperform the baseline . both of the advcls and advdat approaches outperform the non - adversarial infersent baseline by a substantial margin .
p ( l | w ) = 1 and p ( l | w ) = 2 we find that p ( l | w ) = 1 and p ( l | w ) = 2 decrease the average score of the adversarial examples from the baseline , while p ( l | w ) increases the average score . we find that p ( l | w ) = 1 and p ( l | w ) = 2 decrease the average score of the adversarial examples from the baseline , while p ( l | w ) decreases the average score from the baseline . we find that p ( l | w ) = 2 decreases the average score from the baseline , while p ( l | w ) decreases the average score from the baseline . we also find that p ( l | w ) = 1 decreases the average score from the baseline , while p ( l | w ) decreases the average score from the baseline . we find that p ( l | w ) = 1 decreases the average score from the baseline , while p ( l | w ) and p ( l | w ) decrease the average score from the baseline .
can be seen from the table that the performance of the skip - gram model is very close to that of the srilm model , with the only exceptions being rus and uig . on the other hand , the performance of the lstm - based skip - gram model is very close to that of the srilm model , with the only exception being uig .
gnbusiness is a news domain dataset consisting of a news domain corpus and a labeled document set . unlike other datasets , gnbusiness is structured in a way that each document is associated with multiple event types , which makes it suitable for evaluating different types of slot filling models . we use the same training , validation , and test split of gnbusiness as used in other works .
experimented with various values of milk ’ s with and without mass preservation . we observe that mass preservation significantly improves over unpreserved milk , yielding a gain of around 0 . 3 bleu .
can be seen that our odee - fer outperforms all the baselines in terms of both precision and recall . moreover , the f1 score of odee - fer is much higher than that of the clustering - based method . we conjecture that this is because the clustering - based method only selects schemas from a limited set of candidate schemas , and thus cannot achieve high performance .
can be seen that all three proposed odee variants outperform the baseline model dblp : conf / acl / nguyentfb15 . odee - f , odee - fe and odee - fer achieve better slot coherence scores than baseline models . odee - fer has a better slot coherence score than odee - f , which indicates that our proposed odee is more semantically and semantically sound .
ed ( 1 ) and ed ( 2 ) outperform seq2seq and lstm - lm in meteor , rouge - l , and ence metrics , respectively . ed ( 1 ) and ed ( 2 ) achieve better performance than seq2seq and seq2seq on both metrics , which demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed encoder - decoder model . ed ( 1 ) achieves better performance than ed ( 2 ) on meteor and rouge - l , but ed ( 2 ) achieves better performance on ence metrics , which indicates the effectiveness of the proposed encoder - decoder - decoder model .
n - grams represent the number of n - grams in the test abstract which did not appear in the training data . the system detected 94 . 4 % of the n - grams in the test abstracts which appeared in the training data . however , only 16 . 6 % of the n - grams in the test abstracts which appeared in the training data were copied by the system . this indicates that the system is more likely to copy from the test abstracts than human abstracts .
interestingly , the performance of meteor and rouge - l both increase with each iteration , while the performance of rouge - l does not change much between iterations .
using different titles : different titles refers to testing documents with different titles . using same titles : similar documents are tested with the same documents but with different titles . using same titles : the same documents are tested with the same documents but with different titles . using different titles : the same documents are tested with the same documents but with different titles . using same titles : the same documents are tested with the same documents but with different titles . using same titles : the same documents are tested with the same documents but different titles . using different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : different titles : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs : cs
note that the performance of the visual classifiers is generally worse than that of the verbal classifiers , with the visual classifier performing the worst . this is not entirely surprising , as the visual class is the most difficult to model ( relatively speaking , at least in terms of bleu ) .
can see that for most metrics , models fine - tuned on our corpus outperform those fine - tuned on the original test set , with the exception of hf , where models fine - tuned on the human corpus outperform random baselines .
first experiment in which we train biobert on a combination of pmc and pubmed datasets is shown in fig . we can see that adding either pmc or pubmed datasets does not significantly affect the performance of biobert . however , when we add both pmc and pubmed datasets together , the performance significantly improves . this shows that the two datasets contain complementary information and that combining them improves the performance .
can see that our proposed rcn outperforms all baselines in all the topics . specifically , in two tailed t - tests , our proposed model significantly outperforms the bilstm , deat and bimpm models in all the topics . moreover , in all the cases of two - tailed t - test , our proposed model significantly outperforms the deat model .
lstm + gated cnn + feed - forward model has the lowest accuracy . we can see that the model with 512 tokens from each paragraph outperforms the models with 30 tokens , 15 tokens and 64 tokens from each paragraph , and the model with 256 tokens and 512 tokens from each paragraph outperforms the model with 30 tokens and 64 tokens from each paragraph , and the model with 512 tokens and 512 tokens from each paragraph achieves the best accuracy .
results show that the window position has a significant impact on the performance of the word similarity task as it allows the model to focus more on the word in front of it . the same holds for the analogies task .
can be seen that the cross - sentential contexts both benefit and degrade the model performance for simlex999 and the analogies task . the os contexts improve the model ’ s performance for simlex999 and for the analogies task , but on the other hand the gw contexts have a mixed effect .
results show that both word embeddings and the overall word embedding model can benefit from the incorporation of stop words . we observe that both word embeddings and the overall word embedding model benefit from the incorporation of stop words . we also observe that with the removal of stop words , both word embeddings and the overall word embedding model are able to outperform the baseline model .
results are shown for the mean pooling method , the sum pooling method , the last pooling method , and the max pooling method , as well as the presence or absence of character embeddings . the results are consistent across all methods , with the max pooling method showing the best performance .
can see that the performance of all models is relatively consistent across genres , with esim performing best on fiction and face - to - face , and cbow performing worst on non - fiction . the exception to this trend is oup , where cbow and esim perform slightly worse than inneratt . we hypothesize that this is because oup is a harder genre to classify compared to other genres , which makes classification harder .
fine - tuned and fine - tuned with the same distribution as the classifiers used to initialize the classifiers , and tested on the same set of fine - tuned examples . the fine - tuned model outperforms the classifiers fine - tuned with the same distribution as the classifiers used to initialize the classifiers . the classifiers fine - tuned with the same distribution as the classifiers used to initialize the classifiers are able to generalize well to new datasets of a variety of datasets .
point - wise comparisons with recent works in the literature are presented in tab . newcitewu2016 shortcitewu2016 use character - based nmt for sentence - level translation , and newcitewu2016 shortcitewu2016 use bpe for sentence - level translation . newcitewu2016 shortcitewu2016 shortcitewu2016 use bpe for sentence - level translation and newcitewu2016 shortcitewu2016 shortcitewu2016 shortcitewu2016 shortcitewu2016 shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016 shortcitewu2016 shortcitewu2016 shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcitewu2016shortcite
character - level models outperform bpe models for all languages except for czech demonstrating the effectiveness of character - level models over bpe models . the improvement from character - level to bpe - based models is large for all languages except for finnish , which is a morphologically - rich language and benefits more from character - level models than bpe ones .
denotes that these errors are caused by either a lexical choice ( e . g . , compound errors ) or a grammatical error ( e . g . , erroneous proper names or morphological errors ) . we observe that the grammatical errors are mostly due to bpe mismatches and the lexical mismatches are mostly due to character models .
newcitelee2018learning used a character - based encoder with a self - attention mechanism . newcitelee2018learning use a character - based encoder with a self - attention mechanism , similar to newcitelee2018learning . newcitelee2018learning use a character - based encoder with a self - attention mechanism , similar to newcitelee2018learning . newcitelee2018learning use a character - based encoder with self - attention and a self - attention mechanism , similar to newcitelee2018learning . newcitelee2018learning use a character - based encoder with self - attention and a self - attention mechanism , similar to newcitelee2018learning . newcitelee2018learning use a character - based encoder with self - attention and a self - attention mechanism . newcitelee2018learning use a character - based encoder with self - attention and a self - attention mechanism . newcitelee2018learning use a character - based encoder with self - attention and a self - attention mechanism . newcitelee2018learning use a character - based encoder with self - attention and a self - attention mechanism . newcitelee2018learning train a character - based encoder with self - attention and a self - attention decoder with self - attention and a self - attention decoder with self - attention and a self - attention decoder . newcitelee2018learning use a self - attention decoder with self - attention and a self - attention decoder with self - attention and a self - attention decoder with self - attention and a self - attention decoder .
first observation is that pre - trained word embeddings ( bert , bilstm , and bilstm + pu ) significantly outperform bilstm ( zubiaga et al . , 2017 ) , demonstrating the effectiveness of pre - trained word embeddings for this task . the second observation is that pre - trained word embeddings ( bert , bilstm , and bilstm + pu ) significantly outperform pre - trained word embeddings ( bert , bert + wiki + pu ) , demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed model for this task . overall , our model significantly outperforms zubiaga et al .
first observation is that pre - trained language models do not perform well on this dataset . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the speeches in this dataset are longer than those in the freebase dataset . this means that more information is needed to classify these speeches , and more training data is required to do so . in any case , the results on this dataset are the same as on the freebase dataset .
report f1 scores comparing the manually labelled top 100 predictions by the puc model with the original ones . we can see that in all datasets , the relabelling performed better than just replacing the top predictions with the original ones .
can be seen that sentistrength performs best on stack overflow , with a f1 - score of 0 . 941 on positive and 0 . 625 on negative , and nltk performs best on stack overflow with a f1 - score of 0 . 815 . on the remaining datasets , we see that all three classifiers outperform the majority baselines , with sentistrength performing best on positive and nltk performing best on negative .
can be seen that on all data sets the averaging methods consistently outperform the regressor . for wordsim and semeval2017 the averaging methods are able to consistently outperform the regressor , with the 10rvw method showing a slight advantage .
can be clearly seen that bridging technique greatly improves the translation performance for both source and target vocabularies , and source bridging achieves the best performance among all bridging methods for both vanilla and target vocabularies . compared with vanilla rnnsearch , our bridging method can improve the translation performance by 0 . 5 bleu on average , and source bridging can achieve 0 . 5 bleu on average .
compared with the vanilla transformer model , our shared - private nmt model significantly improves over the three baseline models in terms of both embedding size and redundancy , and achieves a bleu score of 28 . 06 , which is 1 . 3 points higher than the third baseline model .
, the embedding size , the redundancy , and the bleu scores of the models with and without the shared - private learning scheme are shown in tab . we can see that the embedding size , the redundancy , and the bleu scores of the models with the shared - private learning scheme are improved by a large margin on all the datasets . the embedding size , the redundancy , and the bleu scores of the models with the shared - private learning scheme are improved by a large margin , and the bleu scores are improved by more than 1 bleu points on aren , jaen , and zhen datasets .
decoder wt performs worse than the vanilla transformer model , which demonstrates the effectiveness of decoder wt . the model with lm = 0 and wf = 1 in the shared - private setting also performs worse than the model with lm = 0 and wf = 1 in the shared - private setting . however , the model with lm = 1 in the shared - private setting and ur = 1 in the shared - private setting achieves the best performance in terms of bleu .
user experimented with both gate and yedda . gate is faster than either yedda or slate , taking an average of 21 minutes on ubuntu and 22 minutes on macos to set up and use . gate is faster than either yedda or slate , taking an average of 21 minutes on ubuntu and 22 minutes on macos to set up and use . gate is faster than either yedda or slate , taking an average of 24 minutes to set up and use on ubuntu . gate is faster than either yedda , taking an average of 27 minutes per participant on a single ubuntu machine . the difference between gate and slate is less pronounced on macos than on ubuntu . gate is faster than either yedda , taking an average of 27 minutes per user on a single machine .
data size was set to be equal to the number of sentences in the training set - node2vec , syntree2vec and word2vec were all set to be equal to the size of the training set of node2vec and syntree2vec respectively . the performance of node2vec and word2vec was better than that of syntree2vec . however , syntree2vec performed better than node2vec and word2vec when the data size was smaller .
asnq is a dataset that contains multiple types of questions such as answer sentence , long answer passage and short answer phrase . the number of questions for each type is based on the number of training examples and the number of development examples . asnq contains three types of questions , namely answer sentence , long answer passage and short answer phrase . asnq contains three types of questions , namely answer sentence , long answer passage and short answer phrase . asnq has three types of questions , namely answer sentence and long answer passage . asnq contains three types of questions : answer sentence ( s ) , long answer passage ( la ) , and short answer phrase ( sa ) . asnq contains four types of questions : answer sentence ( s ) , long answer ( la ) , and short answer ( sa ) .
experiment on asnq with bert - b and roberta - b as the encoder , and on asnq with bert - b and roberta - b as the decoder . for asnq , we use bert - b and roberta - b as the encoder , and for wikiqa we use bert - b and roberta - b as the decoder . for asnq , we use bert - b and roberta - b as the encoder and then fine - tune the model on asnq .
first observation is that the fine - tuned bert - b and roberta - b models perform better than the vanilla tanda model on the asnq dataset . the fine - tuned bert - b model performs better than the vanilla tanda model on the asnq dataset . the fine - tuned bert - b model performs better than the vanilla bert - b model on the trec - qa dataset . the fine - tuned bert - b model performs better than the vanilla tanda model on the asnq dataset .
first we fine - tune the bert - base model on the datasets of wikiqa and trec - qa . the model ’ s performance is influenced by the amount of noise introduced to the model during fine - tuning . the model ’ s performance is influenced by two factors : the number of training examples , and the number of training examples per noise level . the model ’ s performance is influenced by two factors : the number of training examples , and the number of training examples per noise level . the model ’ s performance is influenced by the amount of noise added to the model during fine - tuning , and the performance is influenced by the type of noise used in fine - tuning . the model ’ s performance is influenced by the amount of noise added to the model during fine - tuning , and the performance is influenced by the number of training examples per noise level . the model ’ s performance is influenced by the amount of noise added to the model during fine - tuning , while the model ’ s performance is influenced by the amount of noise added to the model during fine - tuning . we found that adding noise to the model ’ s performance is beneficial for both datasets .
experiment further explores the impact of different labels of asnq on fine - tuning bert for answer sentence selection . specifically , we fine - tune bert with label 1 ( negative ) and label 3 ( positive ) on the wikiqa and trec - qa datasets , respectively . we observe that the label 1 has the largest impact on fine - tuning bert , while the label 2 and 3 have lesser impact . the reason for the larger impact of the larger negative label on fine - tuning bert is that bert is forced to learn to associate positive and negative sentences with the same label , thus reducing the impact of negative sentences .
compare the fine - tuned bert - base model with tanda on wikiqa and trec - qa . we can see that both qnli and asnq improve the performance of tanda . qnli improves the performance of tanda more than qnli . however , tanda ( asnq ) performs worse than tanda ( qnli ) , which demonstrates that asnq is better than qnli in fine - tuning bert - base model .
can be seen that the proposed tanda achieves the best performance across all metrics in all the three datasets . compared to bert - base , tanda - base and tanda - large achieves better results on map and mrr in all the three datasets . compared to bert - base , tanda - large achieves better performance on map and mrr in all the three datasets . compared to bert - base , tanda - large and bert - large achieve better performance on map and mrr compared to both bert - base and tanda - large models . compared to bert - large , tanda - large achieves better performance on map and mrr compared to bert - base .
increasing the number of contributions , the features with ic greater than 2 perform better . the features with ic > 3 perform better than those with ic = 1 as they capture more information .
speedup is particularly pronounced for english , where the encoder is essentially a sequence - to - sequence model with inputs and outputs sorted uniformly on [ 0 , 1 ] . this speedup is particularly pronounced for english , where the encoder is essentially a sequence - to - sequence model with inputs and outputs sorted uniformly on [ 0 , 1 ] . in contrast , the encoder is a sequence - to - sequence model with inputs and outputs sorted uniformly on [ 0 , 1 ] . this speedup is particularly pronounced for english , where the output of the encoder is a uniform distribution over [ 0 , 1 ] and the output of the decoder is a uniform distribution over [ 0 , 1 ] rather than uniformly on [ 0 , 1 ] . this speedup is particularly important for cle since the encoder is essentially a sequence - to - sequence model .
using the 5 - gram language model , we obtain an average error reduction of 23 . 1 % ( err . red . ) compared to the baseline . we also improve upon the baseline for all the treebanks except for ca_ancora , where we obtain an error reduction of 23 . 1 % compared to the baseline .
find that the word cosine similarity is closer to the original word form ( jw ) than to the cosine similarity ( cosjw ) . this is expected , since the word cosine similarity is computed by averaging all the word embeddings of a given word , i . e . by taking the average of the 1vmeasures of the clusterings . however , we find that this is not the case in all the datasets .
can see that character - level neural models perform better than word2vec and fasttext when the number of samples per author is less than 8 . also , when the number of samples is less than 8 , the word2vec and fasttext models outperform the character - level neural models . this shows that character - level models are better at recognizing authors with fewer words in their bios . for example , fasttext ( skip ) outperforms fasttext ( cbow ) when the number of samples per author is less than 8 . fasttext ( skip ) performs better than w2v when the number of samples per author is less than 8 . however , the word2vec and fasttext models do not outperform char - cnn when the number of samples per author is less than 8 .
compare our model ( bert ) with hexaf - ucl and hexaf - hexaf - ucl . we can see that our model ( bert ) achieves better accuracy than hexaf - ucl . this shows that our model is better at identifying the pos tags of the input documents .
experimented with the fever dataset to understand the capability of question generation system on the fever dataset . we used the training , development and test sets of fever dataset to train the question generation system . the questions were generated based on the converted claims and the average of the questions for each claim . the system achieved an accuracy of 90 . 73 % on the training set and 88 . 75 % on the development set . the questions were generated per claim on the test set . the average number of questions per claim was 3 . 03 .
performance of the question generation system on the fever dataset is presented in table 2 . the question generation system is trained and evaluated on the training set , the development set , and the test set respectively . the question generation system achieves an accuracy of 80 . 2 % on the training set , and 86 . 7 % and 87 . 4 % on the development and test sets , respectively .
can be seen that in all the scenarios , our proposed methods outperform the sota in terms of f1 - score , ff1 - score , and fm1 - score . in the inductive scenario , our methods outperform bert_wikirand and bert_wikicrem in terms of all the metrics . in the transductive scenario , our methods outperform bert_wikirand and bert_wikicrem in terms of fm1 - score and ff1 - score . in the inductive scenario , our methods outperform bert in all the metrics . in the transductive scenario , our methods outperform bert in all the metrics .
pretrained embeddings outperform the non - pretrained embeddings in all cases . the improvement is statistically significant ( p 0 . 0001 ) across all the classes .
encoder - decoder models outperform their respective encoder - decoder counterparts in most cases , with the exception of lithuanian , where the exact match score of the encoder - decoder model is . 63 , and the transliteration - based model is . 09 , p0 . 05 .
see that pbel outperforms both encoder - decoder and encoder - adaptive baselines by large margins , with the latter outperforming pbel on all settings .
can be seen from the table that for all languages , phoneme - based inputs are generally better than grapheme - based inputs , with the exception of estonian , where phoneme - based inputs are slightly better than the other two , and estonian - based phoneme - based inputs are slightly worse than the other two .
can see that scenario - aware pre - training improves the performance of all nli models , and scenario - aware pre - training improves the performance of all rc models , including bert .
first observation is that the bidirectional lstm ( bidirectional lstm ) used in our approach performs comparably to a standard lstm ( dsve ) in terms of r @ 1 , r @ 5 and r @ 10 . second , using muse as a language model improves over using bv as a language model in our approach , in terms of r @ 1 , r @ 5 and r @ 10 . third , using fasttext as a language model improves over using dsve , in that w2v for en and for w2v for w2v for vse . finally , using muse as a language model improves the r @ 10 score over using bv .
first observation is that the bidirectional lstm ( bv ) performs consistently better than the dsve encoder . the muse embeddings perform consistently better than the fasttext embeddings for both dsve and vse , for both dsve and vse . the muse embeddings perform consistently better than the fasttext embeddings for both dsve and vse , for both en and fr .
show that muse can improve the performance of the model when trained in multiple languages , and that this can be achieved by training a model in multiple languages and then testing on the combined dataset .
can be seen that the model trained on en ( fr ) and en ( de ) performs better than the model trained on en ( de ) or en + fr ( en + fr ) or en + de ( en + de ) . however , the model trained on en ( en ) and en ( fr ) does not perform as good as the model trained on en ( en ) or en + de ( en ) . the reason could be that the model trained on en ( fr ) and en ( de ) does not perform as well on en ( en ) .
droberta outperforms both dbidaf and dbert in both metrics on both the dev and test sets . the difference between dbidaf and dbibert is most pronounced on the test set , where droberta achieves a higher em and f1 score .
can be observed that the addition of m1 and m2 - latent significantly improves the recall and precision in terms of f1 score , recall and recall - l . moreover , the addition of m1 and m2 - latent significantly improves the recall and precision scores in terms of f1 score , recall and precision , respectively , compared with pg .
show that both mae and mape are significantly ( p0 . 05 ) better than the baseline ( one - sided t - tests show that both ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) are significantly better than the baseline ) . we also observe that m1 - latent performs better than m1 - shallow in both mae and mape .
can be clearly seen that dtdv outperforms bertsdv on all the datasets . moreover , dtdv with k = 2 outperforms dtdv when t1 is set to 3 . this indicates that dtdv is able to learn a better sequence - to - sequence model for sequence - to - sequence task than bertsdv . moreover , dtdv with k = 4 outperforms dtdv when t1 is set to 2 , which indicates that the sequence - to - sequence model is able to learn better sequence - to - sequence learning .
ulmfit zhang et al . bertbase wang et al . ulmfit zhang et al . ulmfit is the current state - of - the - art text classification model . compared with ulmfit , bertbase * obtains better performance on most of the datasets . especially , on datasets such as ag ’ s news , dbpedia , yelp p . and yelp f . and mnli , bertbase * outperforms ulmfit on all of the datasets except mnli where ulmfit performs better than bertbase * .
experiment with fine - tuning the bert - large model ( bert - l ) , we first fine - tune the bert - large model ( bert - l ) on two datasets . for imdb and ag ’ s datasets , the average sentence length ( avg . ) of bert - l is 4 . 98 , 5 . 45 , and 5 . 15 , respectively . for news dataset , the average sentence length ( avg . ) is 91 . 6 , and 90 . 9 , respectively , which outperforms mt - dnn by a large margin . for ag ’ s dataset , the average sentence length ( ) of bert - lsda is 5 . 15 , and for imdb and snli , the average sentence length is 5 . 15 , whereas for mt - dnn , the average sentence length ( ) of bert - lsda is 5 . 15 , and the average of mt - dnn is 91 . 6 , which shows that our method is able to learn better representations for different datasets .
can be seen that transdg obtains the best performance in all the categories . compared with the seq2seq model , the perplexity of transdg is lower in the high category . memnet and copynet use the word embeddings of previous sentences as the inputs , while our model does not use the word embeddings .
can be seen that transdg achieves the best performance in all the categories . compared with the seq2seq model , our model has a better performance in the low - level and out - of - vocabulary ( oov ) categories . compared with copynet and ccm , our model has a better overall performance .
show the results of the automatic evaluation with bleu papineni et al . as we can see , transdg obtains the best results in all metrics . compared with the seq2seq model , the bleu scores of our model are higher than those of the other models , which verifies the effectiveness of our model .
human evaluation result shows that our model transdg generates more fluent , relevant and correct responses than the baseline models . the results also show that the correctness of generated responses is significantly higher than the other baselines .
w / o qrt and w / o kst , we can find that both qrt and kst contribute to the overall performance . besides , both qrt and kst contribute to the overall performance . besides , both qrt and kst contribute to the overall performance . the results indicate that both qrt and kst contribute to the overall performance .
newcitehan , cao and newcitesu , yan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao and newciteyan , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , cao , ca , cao , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca , ca ,
show the results of the greedy search and the look - ahead methods on the development set for the im2latex - 100k bi - lstm model . it should be noted that la is more directly comparable to the greedy search because of their same beam size . the results of the look - ahead method are also comparable to the results of the greedy search . we also show the results of the beam search for the reference model .
results show that droberta questions are shorter on average than other models , and the n - gram overlap between the question and answer is less than 2 . 5 words .
look - ahead module can improve the performance of our model when the target sentences are longer than 25 words . however , either the look - ahead module or the beam search method can harm the models when the target sentences are longer than 25 words . we find that the look - ahead module is able to improve the performance of the model when the target sentences are relatively short .
show that the proposed la module slightly improves the performance but harms the performance when the la time step is 5 . we suggest one of the reasons of these results are caused by the eos problem . when the la time step is 5 , the original model is slightly improved but slightly hurts the performance .
show that incorporating auxiliary eos loss into the decoding can further improve the performance of the decoding network . we select the greedy decoding strategy and the greedy decoding strategy as our baselines . we can see that the greedy decoding and the greedy decoding are not able to improve the performance over the baselines . the reason might be that the greedy decoding and the greedy decoding may not be able to learn a good auxiliary loss to compensate for the decoding loss .
can be seen that our local joint self - attention model significantly outperforms all the baseline models and achieves the state - of - the - art performance on all the three datasets .
can be seen that our method outperforms the state - of - the - art by reducing the error by 80 . 7 % and achieving nearly perfect results .
show that our method outperforms the state - of - the - art even if each method has received the ground truth of the semantic segmentation at pixel - level as input . moreover , an algorithm which does not take advantage of this pre - processing step will not benefit from it .
use the flickr30k dataset for both image - sentence retrieval and image captioning , and the mscoco dataset for image captioning and vqa . the phrase grounding task is similar to the image - sentence retrieval task except that we use a different dataset for phrase grounding . the text - to - lip task is similar to the image - sentence retrieval task except that we use a different dataset for phrase grounding . the image - sentence retrieval task is similar to the image - sentence retrieval task except for the phrase grounding task . the image - captioning task is similar to the image - sentence retrieval task but the image - caption task is different from the other two tasks . the phrase grounding task is similar to the image - sentence retrieval task except that we use the image - sentence retrieval task . the image - caption task is similar to the image - sentence retrieval task except that we use the image - sentence retrieval task . the image - caption task is similar to the image - sentence retrieval task except that we use the image - sentence retrieval task . the image - caption task is similar to the image - sentence retrieval task except that we use the image - sentence retrieval task . the text - to - lip task is similar to the image - caption task except that we use the image - caption task . the image - caption task is similar to image - sentence retrieval task except that we use the image - caption task . we also use the image - caption task except that we do not use the image - sentence retrieval task due to the small size of the mscoco dataset . the image - caption task is similar to the image - caption task except that we use the image - caption task . the text - to - text task is similar to image - sentence retrieval task except that we use the image - caption task . we use the image - captioning and image - captioning tasks are similar to the text - to - text task . we also use the image - captioning and image - captioning tasks respectively . we use the image - captioning and image - captioning tasks respectively , and we use the image - caption and image - caption tasks respectively . we use the image - caption and image - caption tasks respectively , and the vqa
first compare the performance of our proposed model with state - of - the - art approaches for image and text retrieval , phrase grounding , image captioning and vqa tasks . we observe that our proposed model outperforms all the baselines on both flickr30k and mscoco datasets across all the tasks and datasets .
specifically , for the image - sentence retrieval task , we found that pre - training with fasttext vectors on the task of image captioning and phrase grounding improves the performance of grovle . for the phrase grounding task , we found that pre - training with fasttext vectors on the task of phrase grounding improves the performance of grovle . for the text - to - lip task , we found that pre - training with fasttext vectors on the task of image captioning and phrase grounding improves the performance of grovle on all of the tasks except grounding the question answering task ( ban ) .
table , we can see that multi - task pretraining improves almost all downstream tasks , with the largest improvements for image - sentence retrieval , phrase grounding , and vqa .
droberta outperforms its respective baselines ( i . e . , bidaf and bert ) on both em and f1 scores when using the dbidaf and dbidaf training sets ( i . e . , em and f1 scores ) . the performance gap between the two baselines is smallest when using dbidaf training set ( i . e . , - dev for bidaf and 0 . 0 for bert and roberta , respectively ) .
can be seen that ataml achieves the lowest perplexity and the lowest distinct - 1 scores while paml and seq2seq - f achieve the highest bleu and diff score . this indicates that aatml is better at generating diverse responses and has a better perplexity / bleu / diff score balance .
< extra_id_0 > ) , i . e . , dsquad , dbidaf and droberta . for each of the three datasets , we trained our model on the training dataset and evaluated on the test dataset . for dsquad , we used the pretrained bert model and for dbidaf , we used the pre - trained bert model . for dnq , we used the pre - trained bert model . for both the datasets , we used the original versions of the datasets ( i . e . , dsquad , dbidaf and droberta ) . for dbidaf , we used the pre - trained bert model . for dbidaf , we used the pre - trained bert model . for dnq , we used the pre - trained bert model . for dsquad , we used the same architecture as droberta . for dbidaf , we used the same architecture as droberta but pre - trained bert model . for dnq , we used the same architecture as droberta but pre - trained bert model . for dsquad , we used the same architecture as droberta but pre - trained bert model . for dnq , we used the same architecture as droberta . for dsquad , we used the same architecture as droberta but pre - trained bert model . for dnq , we used the same architecture as droberta but pre - trained bert model . for dnq , we used the same architecture for both dsquad and dnq . for dsquad , we used the same architecture for both dsquad and dnq . for dnq , we used the same architecture for both dsquad and dnq . for both dsquad and dnq , we used the same architecture for both dsquad and dnq . for both dsquad , we used the same architecture for both dsquad and dnq . for both dsquad , we used the same architecture for both dsquad and dnq . for both dsquad , we used the same architecture for both
use the same architecture for both websplit and wikisplit , though the architecture was trained on different amounts of training data . we see that while splithalf performs better on websplit , it performs worse on wikisplit . this suggests that websplit and wikisplit are similar in the sense that they use different kinds of splittables to generate their translations .
manually labeled the outputs of both models on a random sample of 50 sentences drawn from the websplit 1 . 0 validation set . we randomly sampled these 50 sentences and computed the percentage of splits correctly predicted by each model on the test set . as can be seen , the gap between the training and validation sets is large , with websplit slightly outperforming ag18 on misspellings and the wikisplit model slightly outperforming websplit on correctness .
find that training on websplit v1 . 0 improves performance by varying the amount of training data , while keeping the model architecture fixed . specifically , we vary the amount of training data from ag18 to wikisplit v1 . 0 , using either the websplit or the wikisplit training set , while holding the model architecture fixed .
walks are defined as follows : [ leftmargin = * , itemsep = 0pt , itemsep = 0pt , itemsep = 0pt , itemsep = 0pt , itemsep = 0pt , itemsep = 0pt , itemsep = 0pt , itemsep = 0pt , itemsep = 0pt , itemsep = 0pt , imsep = [ leftmargin = 0pt , sep = 0pt , sep = 0pt , sep = 0pt , sep = 0pt ] embdi - sep = 1pt , sep = 1pt , sep = 1pt , sep = 1pt , sep = 1pt , sep = 1pt , sep = 1pt , sep = , ptpt , pt = pt , pt = pt , pt = pt , pt = pt , pt = pt , pt = pt , pt = pt , pt = pt , pt = pt , pt = pt , pt = pt , pt = pt , pt = pt , pt = pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , pt , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p , p
can be observed that for both embdi and seep , precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) , and f - score ( f ) are all above 0 . 5 . for embdi , recall ( r ) and f - score ( f ) are all above 0 . 5 , while for seep , precision ( p ) and recall ( f ) are all below 0 . 7 . for seep , precision ( p ) and recall ( f ) are both above 0 . 5 . for embdi , precision ( p ) and recall ( f ) are both above 0 . 5 and below . 50 for seep and seepl .
embdi performs better than basic and glove on movie and refs , and embdi is better than embdi on refl .
can be observed that both droberta and dsquad perform significantly better than dbidaf , which is expected given that droberta is pre - trained on the larger version of dsquad . we also observe that compared to dbidaf , both droberta and dsquad perform better on the smaller dataset droberta .
performs an automatic evaluation on a random sample of 1000 sentences from the development set . we randomly select 100 sentences from the development set and label each one as same , ldsc , samsa and samsaabl . the percentage of similar sentences ( # t / s ) and similar sentences ( # s / c ) of the complex model is significantly higher than that of the minwikisplit model . the same score of the complex model is significantly higher than that of the minwikisplit model . the same score of the minwikisplit model is significantly higher than that of the other two models .
human evaluation ratings on a random sample of 300 sentences from minwikisplit , we randomly selected 300 sentences from the test set . grammaticality ( g ) , meaning preservation ( m ) , and structural simplicity ( s ) are measured using a 1 ( very bad ) to 5 ( very good ) scale . we found that our model consistently outperforms the baseline on all three aspects .
newcitechatzakou : 2017 : mbd : 3091478 . 3091487 and newcitedblp : conf / naacl / waseemh16 use a dataset of 16 , 914 tweets annotated by six annotators . newcitedavidsonwmw17 is a dataset of 24 , 802 tweets annotated by six annotators . davidsonwmw17 is a dataset of 24 , 802 tweets annotated by six annotators . newcitedblp : conf / naaaaacl / waseemh16 creates a dataset of 28 , 608 tweets annotated by a group of six annotators . newcitegolbeck2017 , newcitedavidsonwmw17 , newcitegolbeck2017 , newcitefountadclbsvsk18 , newcitefountadclbsvsk18 , newcitefountadclbsvsk18 , newcitefountadclbsvsk18 , newcitefountadclbsvsk18 , newcitefountadclbsvsk18 , newcitefountadclbsvsk18 , newcitefountadclbsvsk2018 , newcitefountadclbsvsk18 , newcitefountadclbsvsk2018 , newcitefountadclbsvsk2018 , newcitefountadclbsvsk2018 , newcitefountadclbsvsk2018 , newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcitedblp : newcite
show that the proposed threshold - based approach outperforms all the baseline models and achieves an f1 - score of 53 . 25 % . dream - xlnet and dream - roberta are based on roberta embeddings , and the performance is comparable to dream - roberta . the performance of pointwise and pairwise ranknet is comparable to that of dream - xlnet .
macro - f1 metric , we use the majority class baseline ( majority ) , left - branching lexicon ( lr ) , and right - branching lexicon ( stsl ) as our baselines . we also use the majority class baseline ( majority ) , left - branching lexicon ( lr ) , and right - branching lexicon ( mtsl ) as our baselines . the models with the best directness scores are stsl and mtsl , the models with the worst directness scores ( avg ) , and the models with the least directness scores ( macro - f1 ) are mtsl and lr , respectively .
tweet - level attributes , our stml - based models outperform all other models across all metrics and datasets , including majority class baseline , lr , stsl , mtsl , and stml .
can be seen that multilingual bert outperforms the baseline model by a large margin in both f1 and em . this indicates that multilingual bert is better at finding the correct answer than the baseline .
show that the model performs best on paragraphs in the target language and worst on the one containing the question in the target language . multilingual bert outperforms monolingual bert in all cases .
first observation is that the pointwise variant of bert significantly outperforms the pairwise variant of bert . it is also observed that the pointwise variant of bert performs better than the pairwise variant of bert . we also observe that the pointwise variant of bert performs better than both the pairwise and the pointwise variant of bert .
can see that in all tracks , the constrained model outperforms the unconstrained model , and in some cases even outperforms the mt system . this suggests that in dgt , a model can be forced to rely more on the source language than the target language .
report the bleu score on rotowire - test , a ranking of nlg systems on the rotowire test set . puduppully et al . , reported a unified f1 score of 18 . 9 on rotowire - test , a slightly higher score than wiseman et al . because rotowire tokenization is slightly different , we apply a set of fixes to the model outputs .
start with a simple baseline of 3 best players . shuffled or unsorted players perform the worst , but all other configurations perform better than the baseline . shuffled or unsorted players are more detrimental to nlg than unsorted or unsorted players . shuffled or unsorted players are more detrimental to nlg than sorted or unsorted players . unsorted players perform worse than unsorted players , but are still better than unsorted players .
train a danish nmt model on the tiny 5k or 10k labeled danish sentences , or use the multilingual embeddings from medium or large english source data . the fine - tuned model significantly outperforms the zero - shot baseline and is comparable to the state - of - the - art zero - shot setup .
can see that on both datasets , bilstm outperforms polyglot on all categories , but significantly underperforms dkie on the categories per , loc and org .
can be seen that both catseq and catseqd perform better than their baselines on most datasets . on krapivin , catseqd obtains better results than catseq , but its performance on f1 @ 5 is worse than that on f1 @ 5 compared with other models . on inspec and nus , catseqd obtains better results than catseq , but its performance on f1 @ 5 is worse than that on f1 @ 5 compared with catseq . compared with catseqd , catseqd achieves better results on f1 @ 5 on all datasets , but its performance on f1 @ 5 on kp20k is worse than that on inspec and nus , while its performance on semeval is comparable with that of catseq .
oracle achieves a high mae of 2 . 837 and a low avg . # of 2 . 432 on the present and absent data , respectively . the best performing model is catseq with a fine - tuned decoder , which achieves a mae of 2 . 292 and 3 . 790 on the present and absent data , respectively . the best performing model is catseqcorr with a fine - tuned decoder , which achieves an mae of 2 . 087 and 1 . 541 on the present data , respectively .
further evaluates our full rl approach by removing the adaptive rf1 reward signal and only use one rf1 reward signal to reward all the generated keyphrases . we find that the two separate rf1 reward functions hurt the performance of our full rl approach , and the deletion of one rf1 reward signal causes a significant performance drop . this is because the adaptive rf1 reward function is sensitive to the number of generated keyphrases . therefore , the replacement of two separate rf1 reward functions is likely to cause performance degradation .
can be seen that the performance of catseq , catseqd and catseqtg is worse than that of catseq , catseqd - 2rf1 , and catseqd - 2rf2 . this is due to the fact that in the present scenario , most of the present questions are answered by context - aware models , while in the absent scenario most of the questions are answered by context - agnostic models ( catseq or catseqcorr ) . hence , the performance of catseq is worse than that of catseqd .
, the diversity of generated responses is significantly better than that of human responses ( bleu , distinct - 1 , distinct - 2 , average length of response , stopwords , and adv succ ) . we hypothesize that this is due to the diversity introduced by mmi and rl , which improves response diversity while reducing stopword frequency . we also observe that non - autoregressive models ( nonar + mmi , nonar + mmi ) have higher diversity than autoregressive models ( nonar + mmi ) .
newciteneelakantan - etal : 2015 : conll - 2014 : emnlp2015 , newciteneelakantan - etal : 2015 : emnlp2015 , newciteneelakantan - etal : 2015 : emnlp2015 , newciteneelakantan - etal : 2015 : emnlp2015 , newciteneelakantana - embetheir - emi - embeta - embedding - based systems , newciteneetal - 2018 - emnlp , newciteneetal - 2018 - emnlp , newcitenelakantan - etal : 2015 : newcitenelakanto : 2015 : newcitenelakanto : 2015 : newciteshortcitenelakanto : 2015 : newciteshortcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak - etal : 2015 : newcitenelak -
can be seen that our proposed method outperforms both nat and inat by a large margin on wmt14 ende and wmt16 enro , and outperforms flowseq - large by + 1 . 48 and + 1 . 57 bleu points on ende and deen translation tasks , respectively . on wmt14 ende and wmt16 enro , our proposed method outperforms nat by + 1 . 48 and + 1 . 57 bleu points on ende and wmt16 respectively .
weighting variants were evaluated on the compounds dataset ( 32 , 246 nominal compounds ) . the best performing variant is transweight - mat with t = 2 and n = 5 . it also has the lowest cosine similarity score with 52 . 82 % on q1 and 52 . 90 % on q3 respectively .
can be seen that for most of the nominal phrases in the test set , the higher the cosine similarity , the more confident the model is with respect to the ground truth . however , for some of the adjective phrases , the higher cosine similarity is not enough to answer the question .
first observation is that both ent - only and ent - sent perform better than ent - dym for all models . adding both ent - sent and ent - dym improves the f1 scores for all models , but ent - dep0 is more effective than ent - dym for bilstms .
show the performance of bertbase on different datasets with different epochs . we can see that bertbase achieves the best performance on three datasets and the best performance on yahooqa . on semevalcqa and semevalcqa - 17 , bertbase achieves the best performance with the epoch of 5 and the model achieves the best performance with the epoch of 10 and the model achieves the best performance with the epoch of 15 .
adding either ent - only or ent - sent improves the f1 scores for all models but the ent - dym variant . for the bilstm models , adding both ent - dep0 and ent - dym improves the f1 scores . however , for the bilstm models , adding both ent - dep0 and ent - dym improves the f1 scores .
can see that semantic annotations account for a large portion of the triples in opiec , while this percentage is lower in opiec - clean than in opiec - linked . the percentage of triples with negative polarity annotations is also higher in opiec - linked than in opiec - clean , but this percentage is lower than in opiec - clean . interestingly , there are also fewer triples with negative polarity annotations in opiec - linked than in opiec - clean , but the percentage of triples with negative polarity is higher in opiec - linked than in opiec - clean . interestingly , opiec - linked has higher percentages of negative polarity annotations than opiec .
“ be in ” and “ be member of ” are more likely to be misclassified , as “ have ” and “ have not ” are more likely to be misclassified . similarly , “ have not ” is more likely to be misclassified , as “ have not ” and “ have not ” are more likely to be misclassified . as a result , “ have not ” is less likely to be misclassified , as it is less likely to be misclassified .
compare our results with several state - of - the - art models on both framenet 1 . 5 and 1 . 7 . in particular , on framenet 1 . 5 , our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by a large margin ( + 1 . 9 % absolute f1 on the test set ) . on framenet1 . 7 , our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by + 1 . 5 % absolute f1 on both the all and ambiguous subsets .
can be clearly seen that bertlarge outperforms bertbase on all datasets . for example , the mrr of trecqa large is 0 . 927 , and the map of semevalcqa - 17 is 0 . 958 . for wikiqa and yahooqa , the mrr of large is 0 . 770 . for semevalcqa - 16 , the mrr of large is 0 . 871 . for semevalcqa - 17 , the mrr of large is 0 . 854 . we can clearly see that bertlarge outperforms bertbase on all datasets . for example , in the case of semevalcqa - 16 , bertlarge outperforms bertlarge on all datasets .
performs best on classification and detection tasks for both ddi and i2b2 datasets . for the i2b2 dataset , the performance is better than that of classification and detection tasks when using the default parameters . for the ddi dataset , the performance is worse than that of classification and detection tasks when using the default parameters . for the i2b2 dataset , the performance is worse than that of classification and detection tasks when using the default parameters . for the i2b2 dataset , the performance is worse than that of classification and detection tasks . for the i2b2 dataset , the performance is worse than that of classification and detection tasks . for the ddi dataset , the performance is worse than that of i2b2 dataset . for the i2b2 dataset , the performance is worse than that of classification and detection tasks when using the default parameters . for the i2b2 dataset , the performance is worse than that of classification and detection tasks when using the default parameters . for the i2b2 dataset , the performance is worse than that of classification and detection tasks when using the default parameters . this is because the classifier does not have the same number of training examples as the classifier does .
can be seen that for both ddi and i2b2 datasets , entity blinding outperforms original embeddings by a large margin . for the preprocessing datasets , we also experiment with different preprocessing strategies . for example , we set the width of the preprocessing dataset to 10em for ddi dataset , and set the width of the preprocessing dataset to i2b2 for i2b2 . we can see that for both ddi and i2b2 datasets , entity blinding outperforms original embeddings by a large margin . for the i2b2 dataset , there is a slight improvement for the classifier for the ddi dataset but not for the i2b2 dataset .
can be seen that , on all datasets , embedding - based models outperform the baseline embedding classifier and embedding detection model for both ddi and i2b2 classification tasks .
can be seen that the - entmax activation performs slightly better than the softmax activation for all datasets , and comparable on wmt ende . however , the softmax activation performs slightly worse than the - entmax on all datasets .
can be seen that the performance of the c - lstm model trained with cc embeddings is comparable to that of the model trained with arxiv embeddings , and that the performance of the c - lstm model trained with arxiv embeddings is comparable to that of the cc model .
can see that our proposed model achieves the new state - of - the - art performance across all the datasets . specifically , our model improves the unc + and g - ref datasets by + 1 . 14 , + 1 . 13 and + 1 . 13 on testa , testb and val , respectively .
can be seen that the proposed cross - modal self - attention performs better than all the attention methods , and outperforms the non - attention baseline by 0 . 71 % in terms of iou . the pixel - level attention performs similarly to the word - level attention , and is comparable to the pixel - level attention in terms of f1 score .
can be seen that our proposed method significantly outperforms all baselines in terms of both prec @ metric and iou . compared with rmi - lstm , our proposed model performs better in terms of both prec @ metric and iou . compared with rrn - cnn , our proposed model performs better in terms of both prec @ metric and iou . compared with cmsa - s and cmsa - w , our proposed model performs better in terms of both prec @ metric and iou .
first set of experiments evaluates the generation performance of the three models . the generated perfomance is computed by averaging the outputs of the three models and averaging the log - likelihood of the generated outputs . the results show that the generation performance of the three models is better than the one of the baseline models in terms of all three metrics . the generated perfomance of the first model is higher than that of the second model , which indicates that the generated text is more fluent .
first observation is that the tf - idf glove word embeddings do not contribute significantly to the performance on these two datasets , which indicates that the use of pre - trained word embeddings is crucial for these two datasets . the second observation is that tf - idf glove word embeddings do not contribute significantly to the performance on these two datasets , which indicates that the use of pre - trained word embeddings is beneficial .
can be clearly seen that the proposed one2one model outperforms all baselines on all datasets by a large margin . for instance , on inspec dataset , the one2one model achieves 0 . 244 f1 @ 5 and 0 . 289 f1 @ 10 , respectively . on nus dataset , the one2one model achieves 3 . 4 and 3 . 6 f1 @ 5 and 3 . 6 f1 @ 10 , respectively . on semeval dataset , the one2one model achieves 0 . 318 f1 @ 5 and 0 . 311 f1 @ 10 , respectively .
can be seen that transformer outperforms all the other models in terms of f @ 5 and f @ 10 , especially when the number of parameters is increased from 37m to 80m , which indicates that the proposed encoder - decoder architecture can handle more parameters .
compared to rand - lstm - crf , hb - crf achieves comparable performance in diagnosis and drug - disease domains . however , hb - lstm - crf outperforms hb - lstm - crf in all domains . this indicates that hb - lstm - crf is better at identifying the diagnoses and diseases than rand - lstm - crf and elmo - lstm - crf . in addition , we observe that elmo - lstm - crf - hb outperforms elmo - lstm - crf in diagnosis and drug - disease domains . in addition , elmo - lstm - crf - hb outperforms elmo - lstm - crf in adverse drug and drug - drug domains .
can be seen that , in general , the annotations for diagnosis and prescription reasons are very similar . in addition , for drug – disease relations , the annotations for diagnosis and prescription reasons are very different from those for drug – disease relations . this may be due to the fact that in drug – disease relations , the annotations for diagnosis and prescription reasons are more similar to each other than for drug – disease relations . in addition , for drug – disease relations , the annotations for reason and rule - out are more similar to each other than the annotations for diagnosis and prescription reasons .
train and test our models on the datasets of friends and emotionpush , respectively . the label distributions of these datasets are as follows : for friends , the training dataset contains 4 , 000 dialogues with a total number of 3296 utterances ; for emotionpush , the dataset contains 3536 dialogues with a total number of 9293 utterances . the label distributions of these datasets are as follows : for friends , the training dataset contains 4 , 000 dialogues with a total number of 3296 utterances ; for emotionpush , the label distribution is 14 . 7 % and 17 . 0 % , respectively . for emotionpush , the label distributions of the training dataset and the test dataset are similar to those of friends , while the label distributions of emotionpush are slightly out - of - domain ( e . g . , 3 . 6 % vs . 14 . 7 % and 14 . 6 % , respectively ) . for emotionpush , the label distributions of the test dataset are slightly different from that of friends , with the exception of the label distribution of the out - of - domain ( 34 . 6 % vs . 15 . 3 % ) . for emotionpush , the label distribution is slightly different from that of friends , with the exception of the label distribution of the out - of - domain ( 3 . 4 % ) .
test the performance of the essentia and fsa baseline on paraphrase extraction . the results show that the fsa baseline performs better than essentia on snips dataset , but is worse on hotelqa . the reason is that hotelqa is a smaller dataset compared to snips and snips contains a higher proportion of question - answer pairs , which makes essentia better at generating questions .
can see that the accuracy is higher in the br dataset than in the us dataset , and the combined dataset achieves a higher classification accuracy than the baseline score .
can see that for most of the data types , ethanos has a better performance than geth . however , for some data types , ethanos has a better performance than geth . for example , for the heads and bodies datasets , ethanos has a better performance than geth . for the other data types , ethanos has a better performance than geth . for example for the heads and bodies dataset , ethanos has a better performance than geth . for the triad of data types , we can see that ethanos has a better performance than geth for most of the data types . however , for the triad of data types , ethanos has a better performance than geth for most of the data types .
can be seen that fast sync converges much faster than compact sync on most of the data types , achieving a relative bleu reduction of 14 % in geth and 13 % in ethanos . this is due to the fact that fast sync learns the representation of each token individually , while compact sync learns the representation of each token individually .
can be seen that both the transformer - word and transformer - bpe models significantly outperform the transformer - word model in all the settings and the bleu and chrf1 scores are significantly higher than those of the transformer - bpe . besides , the bleu and chrf1 scores of the transformer - bpe model are significantly higher than those of the transformer - word model . this indicates that the transformer - bpe model can produce translations that are more fluent and have higher grammaticality .
can be clearly seen that the proposed relu model achieves the best performance on slc and flc . the all - propaganda baseline performs poorly on both flc and slc . the granu baseline performs better than the all - propaganda baseline . the bert - based model outperforms the all - propaganda baseline on both flc and slc . the granu baseline performs better than the bert - based model on both flc and slc .
use cos - e - open - ended during training for fair comparison , and report results with cos - e - reasoning afterwards . we observe that cage - reasoning outperforms both cos - e - open - ended and bert , indicating that the two cos - e strategies complement each other .
can be seen that replacing cos - e - open - ended with cage reasoning during training leads to an absolute 10 % improvement over the previous state of the art . cage - reasoning consistently outperforms cos - e during inference , achieving an absolute gain of 10 % over the previous best model .
use of different cos - e variants for both training and validation on cqa dev - random - split to contrast with the use of cos - e - open - ended only during training in table 2 and table 3 , we report oracle results on cqa dev - random - split with cos - e - open - ended used only during training . we observe that cos - e - selected w / o ques performs worse than cos - e - limited - open - ended , and cos - e - open - ended performs better than cos - e - open - ended .
specifically , we use the model trained on story cloze to perform explanation transfer . we can see that this method significantly outperforms the bert baseline on both swag and story cloze , suggesting that it is able to effectively transfer knowledge from the in - domain task to the out - of - domain task .
results for citation needed detection on the fa and lqn splits of redi et al . we observe that pre - trained bert sentence encoders provide strong baselines for citation needed detection . however , testing on the lqn split hurts performance ( the ensembled f1 score decreases to 0 . 826 versus 0 . 853 ) , suggesting that there is still room for improvement .
evaluation metric is the agreement between the two assessors on the classification of the correct category based on the number of synsets in the domain , the maximum depth of the hierarchy calculated from the top synset of the domain , the number of basic level concepts , and the overall agreement .
feature ranking : the features are ranked in order of their importance . for example , the feature “ nr_of_partofs ” which ranks the part - of - speech of a word according to its part - of - speech identity is ranked first in the list . the next most important feature is “ nr_of_hypernyms ” , which ranks the synonyms of a word according to their part - of - speech identity . for example , the feature “ nr_of_direct_hypernyms ” ranks first in the list of all features , followed by “ nr_of_of_synonyms ” and finally , “ nr_of_directhypernyms ” ranks first in the list .
first examine the impact of the normalized features on the performance of our system . the first two columns show the results when no normalization features are used and the third and fourth columns show the results when they are used . the first column shows the results when all features are used . the next three columns show the results when lexical and structural normalizations are used . the lexical normalizations significantly improve the performance over the non - normalized features , especially in the “ music ” and “ tools ” domains . in the “ fruit ” and “ tools + music ” domains , the lexical normalization improves the performance over the non - normalized features by a large margin . the last two columns show the results when lexical and structural normalization are used .
show the distribution of the event mentions per pos in all datasets of the eventi corpus . the table shows that the event mentions are distributed per pos in all datasets . the distribution of the event mentions per pos is similar in all datasets .
can be used to evaluate the performance of the classifiers , as well as the overall performance of the system . the distribution of the event mentions per class is shown in table 2 . the most frequent classes are occurrence , aspectual , perception , reporting and state .
strict tea classification task , we can also evaluate our system in a relaxed setting , where the evaluation is performed by classifying all the tweets in the target language with the same label . for each model , we report its performance in terms of recall , precision , and the f1 - class on the test set .
can be clearly seen that our model outperforms all the baselines in terms of all the automatic metrics . especially , the intra - dist - 1 and inter - dist - 2 distances are significantly improved compared with the baselines cvae and hred . the reason is that the cvae model is pre - trained with a large amount of unlabeled data , thus it is able to learn more diverse responses . the reason is that the cvae model is pre - trained with a large amount of unlabeled data , which leads to a significant improvement in the intra - dist - 1 and inter - dist - 2 distances , compared with the hred model . the reason is that cvae is trained with a large amount of unlabeled data , which leads to a significant improvement in the inter - dist - 1 and inter - dist - 2 distances . the reason is that cvae is pre - trained with a large amount of unlabeled data , which leads to a significant improvement in the intra - and inter - dist - 1 and inter - dist - 2 distances , which leads to a significant improvement in the intra - dist - 1 and inter - dist - 2 distances , respectively .
evaluations on the dailydialog dataset were performed by three annotators : cvae - co , vhcr , and dialogwae . vhcr is a cvae - based encoder - decoder model with attention mechanism ; cvae - co is a cvae - based encoder - decoder model with attention mechanism ; and cvae - co is a cvae - based encoder - decoder model with attention mechanism . both vhcr and dialogwae significantly outperformed cvae - co in terms of coherence , diversity , and informativeness . the model with dialogwae - gmp also significantly outperformed cvae - co in terms of informativeness and coherence . we conjecture that this is because dialog responses generated by dialogwae tend to be more generic and generic than cvae - co .
look - ahead model achieves the highest score on empathy and relevance , while multiseq achieves the highest bleu score . however , the difference is not significant .
evaluate on the sparc and cosql development sets , since their test sets are not public . we also conduct wilcox cross - validation on these datasets . our model significantly outperforms syntaxsql - con and cd - seq2seq , while being only slightly worse on int . match . compared to syntaxsql - con , editsql is much easier to train and has much fewer parameters .
can be seen that all of the proposed approaches outperform the baselines for all datasets , with the best results for bless and wbless . the best results for shwartz and bibless are in the center of the table , with the best ppmi ( x , y ) method outperforming the others .
experimented with different configurations of our proposed spon model , i . e . , spon consisting of a relu layer followed by a residual connection , and spon consisting of a non - negative activation layer tanh that can take negative values . we observe that the use of a non - negative activation layer relu leads to the best performance on the unsupervised hypernym detection task . in particular , the removal of the non - negative activation layer tanh leads to a drop in the performance on the bless and wbless datasets , indicating the importance of the non - negative activation layer relu . moreover , the use of a non - negative activation layer , i . e . a layer that can take negative values , leads to a performance drop on the wbless and leds datasets .
hence , to evaluate the performance of spon as compared against the smoothed box model , we perform the unsupervised hypernym detection task on the bless dataset . it is observed that out of 13 , 089 test instances , spon achieves an improvement of 2 % in average precision as compared to the smoothed box model .
results show that the two - stage model with rl achieves the best results amongst all models on the nyt50 test set in terms of rouge recall .
experiment with the semeval 2018 domain - specific hypernym discovery task . we use crim and spon as the baselines on the domain - specific datasets . in the music and medicine domains , crim achieves better map , mrr and p @ 5 scores than spon . in the latter domain , spon outperforms crim in all metrics .
show the average embedding similarity scores between the output and the target output in terms of real target output list in table 1 . as we can see , for short input ( 1 - 3 ) , the rl greedy output performs better than the pre - trained greedy output . however , for longer input , the rl beamsearch ( 200 ) performs better than the greedy pre - training .
first , we observe that both sopa models outperform the baselines on all three datasets . specifically , sopams1sl outperforms sopams1 on the roc and sst datasets , while sopams1sl outperforms sopams1 on the amazon dataset . this indicates that sopa is able to learn useful feature representations at a lower computational cost than other baselines .
observed agreement ( ao ) between the two annotators was high , ranging from 0 . 63 ( for questions ) to 0 . 59 ( for answers ) . for both sets of features , the observed agreement was low , ranging from 0 . 59 ( for questions ) to 0 . 59 ( for answers ) .
results are shown in table 3 . the joint model outperforms the baselines on all datasets . the performance gap between the baselines and our model is smallest on arxiv ( cs . ai ) and arxiv ( cs . lg ) , while the gap between our model and inception is largest on cs . ai . on all datasets , our model outperforms the baseline by a large margin . on arxiv ( cs . lg ) , our model is the best among all baselines .
can see that most of the errors made by the model are in the correct class , indicating that the model is predicting for the right class . however , most of the errors made by the model are in the incorrect quality class , indicating that there is room for improvement in future models .
use the following large - scale text classification data sets for testing : ag news ( 120k ) , sogou news ( 450k ) , 10k , 60k , and 60k for chinese news categorization . for the english news , we use the same data set as the previous experiments , i . e . , english and chinese news . for the chinese news , we use the same data set as the previous experiments , i . e . , english and chinese news . for the english news , we use the same data set as the previous experiments , i . e . , english and chinese news . for the chinese news , we use the same experimental setting as the previous experiments , i . e . , we use four models for training , testing , and five models for testing . for the chinese news , we use five models for training , testing and testing . for the english news , we use four models for each task . for the chinese news , we use five models for each task . for the chinese news , we use five models for each task . for the english news , we use four models for training and testing . for the chinese news , we use five models for each task . for the chinese news , we use five models for each task . for the english news , we use four models for training and testing . for the chinese news , we use five models for each task . for the english news , we use four models for training and testing . for the chinese news , we use five models for each task . for the chinese news , we use five models for each task . for the english news , we use four models for training and testing . for the chinese news , we use five models for training and testing . for the chinese news , we use five models for each task . for the english news , we use four models for training and testing . for the chinese news , we use five models for training and testing . for the chinese news , we use five models for each task . for the english news , we use four models for training and testing . for the chinese news , we use five models for training and testing . for the chinese news , we use five models for each task . for the english news , we use four models for training and testing . for the chinese news , we use five models for each task . for the chinese news , we use five models for each task . for the english news , we use four models for training . for the chinese news , we use five models for each task
can see that both our sememnn - ct and sememnn - abs models perform better than their corresponding baselines on both data sets . on the other hand , on the sogou data set , our sememnn - ct and b - semnn - abs models perform worse than their corresponding baselines . the reason may be that sogou dataset has a larger corpus than the ag data set , and thus , our sememnn - ct and b - semnn - abs models are more robust .
firstly , we observe that all prefix models and all postfix models perform equally well . secondly , all postfix models and all infix models are outperformed by all non - pre - trained models , and by all minimal ( type 3 ) models .
can be seen that our model outperforms all the pre - trained models on all the tasks except the il task , where the performance of the pre - trained model is significantly worse than our model . this shows that our model is superior to all the pre - trained models for both the il and the cc tasks .
results show that our joint goal learning model achieves the state - of - the - art performance on woz 2 . 0 corpus .
compare our model with the state - of - the - art baseline model , glad , proposed by zhong et al . , gce nouri and hosseini - asl our model achieves the joint goal accuracy of 0 . 4240 , which significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art model gce by 3 % .
first analyze the effect of fine - tuning the transfer learning objectives . we compare the baseline accuracy and the fine - tuned model ’ s performance on the target corpora . we see that the transfer filler , which acts as a regularizer and acts as a regularizer , contributes the most to the overall performance . however , the true performance gain is less than the gain from fine - tuning on the target corpora . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the fine - tuned model is able to generalize better to new target corpora without having access to them .
first analyze the effect of fine - tuning the transfer learning objectives . we first evaluate the impact of transfer learning on the original bert model . we then evaluate the performance of fine - tuning the transfer learning objectives on the target corpora . we first evaluate the impact of transfer filler and role labeling on the original bert model . we then evaluate the performance of fine - tuning the original bert model on the new target corpora . we then evaluate the performance of fine - tuning the original bert model on the new target corpora . we observe that transfer filler and role labeling both have a positive impact on the original bert model , but a negative impact on the fine - tuning objective . we then evaluate the impact of transfer filler and role labeling on the original bert model . we then evaluate the performance of fine - tuning on these new corpora using the original bert model .
show the accuracy of bert transfer model , the filler model , and the role model . we can see that on all the datasets , our transfer model outperforms the original bert model , and the improvement is statistically significant ( t - test , p - value 0 . 01 ) .
interestingly , the bag - of - words model performs worse than the unigram and bigram models in terms of both auprc and auroc . the model with all features performs better than the model with only unigrams or bigrams . the model with all features performs better than the model with only unigrams or bigrams .
can be clearly seen that the proposed kd method significantly improves the performance on all tasks and achieves comparable accuracy with the 1x bert12 baseline . for example , on sst - 2 , kd method with 1 . 9x inference speedup outperforms the 1x bert12 baseline . for mrpc and qqp , kd method with 2x inference speedup outperforms the 1x bert12 baseline . for rte , kd method with 3x inference speedup outperforms the 1x bert baseline . for mnli , kd method with 3x inference speedup outperforms the 1x bert12 baseline . for mnli , kd method with 3x inference speedup outperforms the 1x bert12 - t .
can be observed that on all the five structured task datasets , the proposed model consistently outperforms the baseline model , which demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed model . on sst - 2 , mrpc , qqp and mnli , the proposed model achieves the best performance . on rte , the proposed model achieves the best performance .
further explores the effect of the efficiency loss term . we observe that when is large , there is a noticeable decrease in the accuracy of the model . when is small , the model consumes too much memory , which leads to overfitting . when is large , there is a noticeable decrease in the accuracy of the model . when is small , there is no loss in the accuracy of the model . when is large , there is a noticeable decrease in the accuracy of the model . when is large , there is a trade - off between the accuracy and the size of the memory , making the model overfitting .
can be seen that probe , da and lce ( all ) all have positive effects on the performance , which indicates that they are useful for transferring the learned knowledge to the downstream task .
show that m - bert outperforms the previous best state of the art models on all the metrics and achieves the new state of the art on cmu - mosi .
can be seen that the rl model is able to reduce inference times significantly , notably for sentences of length 8 and 11 . the inference time of the gaussian mask only is comparable to that of the rl model , whereas the rl model is able to reduce the inference time substantially for longer sentences .
me scores are calculated for the images using omniglot word embeddings and the imagenet classifier . the threshold for the imagenet classifier is 0 . 1 . the omniglot me score is lower than the imagenet me score . the imagenet me score is higher than the imagenet classifier me score . the omniglot me score is higher than the imagenet classifier me score .
results show that both min - grad and transformer architectures outperform the random baseline by a large margin . for en - de , the performance of the random min - grad architecture is comparable to that of the transformer , while for en - fr , the performance of the min - grad architecture is significantly better than the hotflip variant .
first compare the performance of our proposed methods against the baselines in the language pair translation task . for each language pair , we train three different models : a random baseline ( random ) , a min - gradient baseline ( min - gradient ) , and a soft - attention based baseline ( soft - att ) . for each language pair , we report the average and maximum f1 scores on the dev and test sets for the random baseline and the soft - attention based baseline . for each language pair , we report the average and maximum f1 scores for the random baseline and the soft - attention based baselines on the dev and test sets of the dev and test sets , respectively . for the lblstm1 and lblstm2 decoders , we report the average and standard deviation scores on the dev and test sets for each dev set . for the lblstm1 and lblstm2 dev set , we report the average and standard deviations on the dev and test sets for each dev set . for the lblstm1 and lblstm2 dev set , we report the mean and standard deviations on the dev and test sets respectively .
can be seen that hotflip obtains consistent improvements for all encoders on all language pairs and that hotflip further improves accuracies for all encoders on all language pairs . we also observe that min - grad and soft - att obtain comparable results on the l1 and l2 tasks .
increasing the amount of noised bitext improves the quality of the translations , but degrades the score on newstest ’ 12 . increasing the amount of noised bitext improves the score on newstest ’ 17 , but degrades the score on sacrebleu on newstest ’ 12 .
a . for the forward models , we use the best reported results from gehring et al . ; sennrich et al . for the reverse models , we use the best reported results from sennrich et al . the taggedbt and bt variants of newcitegerring2017 and newcitesennrich2016 use the best reported results from sennrich et al . newcitegerring2017 use the best reported results from sennrich et al . newcitegerring et al . ; gehring et al . ; sennrich et al . ; gehring et al . ; sennrich 2016 ( bt ) and newcitesennrich2016 ( bt ) . the taggedbt and bt variants of newcitegerring et al . newcitesennrich2016 ( bt ) perform worse than the bt and bt variants . however , both variants of taggedbt and bt variants of newcitegerring2017 and newcitesennrich2016 ( bt ) perform better than the bt and bt variants . newcitegerring2017 and newcitesennrich2016 ( bt ) are better than the bt baselines .
taggedbt outperforms bt and noised bt by a large margin in most cases . this shows that combining bitext and bt into a coherent system is more beneficial than using separate encoders for each source and target .
use the attention sink ratio on the first token ( asr0 ) and the last token ( asr | x | ) , averaged over all sentences in newstest14 . the baseline asr system ( bitext baseline ) has an entropy of 0 . 504 at the decoder layer . the p3bt and noisedbt bt systems have an entropy of 0 . 619 at the decoder layer . the taggednoisedbt system has a lower entropy than the normal bt system , but has a lower attention sink ratio . this indicates that the taggednoisedbt system is better at preserving information from the source speaker .
taggedbt is better than as bt ( noised ) in all cases , although there is a small degradation in bleu between taggedbt and noisedbt , suggesting that there is a trade - off between quality and quantity when decoding with labelled data .
decode the bt data as if it were bitext or bt data . we observe 8 . 9 % and 10 . 7 % source - target overlap for the standard decode and bt data respectively , compared to 5 . 9 % and 11 . 4 % for the bitext and bt data respectively . we hypothesize that bt data has lower source - target overlap than bitext data , which supports our hypothesis .
can be observed that the accuracy of the classifier increases with the number of samples belonging to each class . it is worth noting that the distribution of the samples from different classes is not equally distributed , for example , crude oil is classified as acq , earn is classified as grain , interest is classified as money - fx and trade is classified as trade . the reason behind this is that in the reuters - 8 corpus there are a large number of documents belonging to different classes .
can be observed that all classifiers outperform word2vec in this task , with the exception of tf - msm , which slightly underperforms w2v . this may be due to the fact that tf - msm is trained on a much larger dataset than the one used in this experiment , which makes tf - msm more suitable .
first we compare our baseline model with the state - of - the - art systems on the three conll - 2014 datasets . felice et al . ; yannakoudakis et al . ; chollampatt and ng on the two conll - 2014 datasets , our baseline outperforms the previous state - of - the - art systems with a large margin . on the conll - 2014 dataset , our baseline outperforms the previous state - of - the - art with a large margin and achieves the new state - of - the - art . on the conll - 2014 dataset , our baseline outperforms all previous state - of - the - art systems with a large margin and achieves the best f0 . 5 score .
have been used to classify the replies into four main categories : “ buy ” , “ sale ” , “ other ” , which is anything that didn ’ t fit into any of the previous categories . the distribution of the labels is similar across the two forums , with “ buy ” being the most frequent category and “ sale ” being less frequent .
can be seen that the models are able to generalize well , achieving over 90 % f1 - score on the two datasets . the results on hackforums show that users are able to respond to posts with a high precision , while the models are able to generalize well on the antichat dataset .
first we compare the different pooling methods used for the pos tagging and dependency parsing tasks . for the semantic similarity and entailment tasks , we use the mean and max pooling of the word embeddings of the input sentence as well as the maximum pooling of the word embeddings of the input sentence . for the syntactic information pooling , we use the maximum pooling of the syntactic information and the mean pooling of the word embeddings of the input sentence as the pooling method . for the semantic similarity and entailment tasks , the mean pooling performs better than the max pooling . for the semantic information pooling , we use the mean pooling of the word embeddings of the input sentence as the pooling method . for the other two tasks , we use the maximum pooling of the word embeddings of the input sentence as the pooling method .
can be seen that our approach outperforms all baselines and achieves new state - of - the - art performance on all the three datasets .
compare results of our trained model with others on the arman word and peyma phrase classification tasks . bokaei and mahmoudi bokaei and mahmoudi et al . et al . shahshahani et al . et al . in the arman word classification task , our trained model achieves an accuracy of 84 . 03 % and 87 . 22 % , respectively . in the peyma phrase classification task , our trained model achieves an accuracy of 90 . 59 % and 87 . 62 % , respectively . in the arman word classification task , our trained model achieves the state - of - the - art results .
team 1 produced a ner system using morphobert and a ner model from beheshti university of science and technology ( beheshti - ner ) . the system achieved an f1 score of 88 . 7 for the in - domain data and 83 . 4 % for the out - of - domain data . the second best system in the competition , beheshti - ner , achieved an f1 score of 85 . 9 for the in - domain data and 83 . 3 % for the out - of - domain dataset .
terms such as “ root ” , “ stroke ” , “ vessel ” , “ strain ” and “ induction ” are not included in the evaluation , due to space limitations . as a result , we only consider the terms “ root ” , “ stroke ” , “ vessel ” and “ progressive ” in the evaluation , since they appear frequently in medical device and robot articles , respectively .
boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling . boldcapspelling .
shortcitegillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgillickgnn : randcnn : randcnn : rand - cnn : rand - cnn : rand - cnn : rand - cnn : rand - cnn : rand - cnn : rand - cnn : rand - cnn : rand - cnn : rand - cnn : rand - cnn : rand - cnn : rand - cnn : rand - cnn - rand - cnn - rand - cnn - wd - cnn - ft - cnn - ft - cnn - ft - cnn - ft - cnn - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft - ft -
college st . hugh ’ s college degreemaster by research degreedatetrinity 2016 romanpages contents although machine translation has been a subject of interest in the research community since the late 1940s statistical machine translation makes use of parallel data to automatically infer rules which can later be combined to produce translations of input sentences . as with most natural language systems employing statistical models , the quality of translation systems increases as more data is used to train the underlying models . scalability is a key concern in machine translation , as one would like to use as much data as possible when building a translation system . this chapter presents a brief introduction to statistical machine translation . our goal is to explain how a translation system works , as we prepare the reader for the topics covered in the next chapters . we discuss the standard approaches employed by each component of a translation system and show where difficulties arise when the amount of memory is limited . we compare two formalisms that lie at the foundation of most translation systems in use today : finite state transducers and synchronous context free grammars . we focus our exposition on the topics relevant for reaching the goal of constructing a compact translation system and refer the interested reader to newcitelopez2008b for a thorough review of statical machine translation . online grammar extractors the traditional approach for storing translation models in memory is achieved with the help of phrase tables , dictionary - like data structures that map all source phrases from the training corpus to their target side correspondents . phrase tables often become unmanageably large , especially in the case of hierarchical phrase - based systems , which make use of translation rules containing gaps . online grammar extractors avoid loading all translation rules into memory by constructing memory efficient data structures on top of a memory bank . online grammar extractors avoid loading all translation rules into memory by constructing memory efficient data structures on top of a memory bank . online grammar extractors avoid loading all translation rules into memory by constructing memory efficient data structures on top of a memory bank . online grammar extractors avoid loading all translation rules into memory by constructing memory efficient data structures on top of a memory bank . online grammar extractors avoid loading all data into memory by constructing memory efficient data structures on top of a memory bank . online grammar extractors avoid loading all data into memory by constructing
interestingly , the golve - based model outperforms the traditional hmm - based model and the majority baseline in intent detection and slot filling , respectively .
was able to understand my questions , and was able to provide answers in a reasonable time . we also observed that the user interface of was suitable for reading the provided answers , and thus i was satisfied with the generated answers .
newcitedblp : conf / emnlp / schmaltzkrs17 provides a comprehensive review of the state - of - the - art approaches to unsupervised question answering . newcitedblp : conf / emnlp / schmaltzkrs17 achieves the state - of - the - art in the unsupervised question answering setting on five benchmark datasets . compared with newcitedblp : conf / emnlp / schmaltzkrs17 , newcitedblp : conf / emnlp / etalp / etalp / etalp / etalp / etalp / etalp / etalp / etalp / etalp / etalp / etalp / etalp / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal / etal /
matic rankers thematic rankers outperform syntactic rankers , the global ranker , the pair ranker , the random ranker , and the upper bound ( ub ) . for all language pairs , the random ranker outperforms the syntactic ranker , and in most cases the upper bound is higher than the random ranker .
denotes the hierarchies generated by the lstm - rnn encoder and denotes the hierarchies generated by the lstm - rnn decoder and the induced hierarchies . in both languages , we observe that the induced hierarchies follow a similar pattern to the induced hierarchies generated by the lstm - rnn encoder . in the case of en , we observe that the induced hierarchies follow a similar pattern to the induced hierarchies . in the case of de , the hierarchies follow the same pattern as the induced hierarchies : stimulus cause experiencer patient theme theme patient theme theme patient topic instrument theme patient theme theme patient theme patient topic patient theme patient theme theme patient topic product instrument patient result product patient instrument patient instrument patient result patient instrument patient result patient instrument patient result patient result patient result patient patient result patient
cross - lingual evaluation we also trained a global ranker ( gr ) on the training data and evaluated it on the dev set . the global ranker achieves a bleu score of . 920 on the dev set for en , and a bleu score of . 852 on the dev set for de .
using bm25 and tf - idf scores results in better performance than using ndcg on egfr and kras , while using automatic rank results in even better performance .
schulz et al . using only fasttext embeddings , the bilstm is equal to flair on eg , ee , and hg . however , ub reports the human upper bound ( i . e . , there is room for improvement ) on ee , hg , and dc .
first consider the textual features . we see that both bert and lstm models benefit from the textual features . moreover , the use of handcrafted features ( i . e . , logits and tagged spans ) improves the performance of bert , showing that the use of lexical features is effective in improving model performance .
college st . hugh ’ s college degreemaster by research degreedatetrinity 2016 romanpages contents although the corpus is small in size , the contents cover a wide range of topics such as current affairs , current events , and current events in popular culture . the aim of the corpus is to provide a means for researchers and laypersons to interact with each other and with each other . as with the previous section , the results presented in this paper are intended to provide a means of understanding the phenomenon of propaganda and techniques , as well as providing background information . this chapter presents a brief introduction to statistical machine translation . our goal is to explain how propaganda works and how it works , as we prepare the reader for the topics covered in the next chapters . we focus our exposition on the topics relevant for reaching the goal of understanding how propaganda works . we focus our exposition on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . we focus our exposition on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . we focus our exposition on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . we focus our exposition on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . we focus our exposition on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . we focus our exposition on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . our goal is to provide a means for researchers and lay out the foundation of the study . we focus our exposition on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . our goal is to provide a means for researchers and lay out the foundation of the study . we focus our exposition on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . our goal is to provide a means for researchers and lay out the foundation of the study on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . our goal is to provide a means for researchers and lay out the foundation of the study on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . our goal is to provide a means for researchers and lay out the foundation of the study on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . our goal is to provide a means for researchers and lay out the foundation of the study on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . our goal is to provide a means for researchers and lay out the foundation of the study on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . we focus on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market . we focus on the topics relevant for reaching the mass market
ndcg @ 10 and ndcg @ 100 are computed using rocchio scores and the relevance score is computed by incorporating the relevance score from the auto - relevance model . the relevance score is higher than the ndcg @ 10 baseline due to the fact that the relevance score is computed based on the auto - relevance model . the relevance score is higher than the ndcg @ 100 baseline because the relevance score is computed based on the auto - relevance model .
citeauthorfaruqui2014a : citeyearnayak2016a : citeyearnayak2016a : citeyearnayak2016a : citeyearnayak2016a : citeyearnayak2016a : citeyearnayak2016a : citeyearnayak2016a : citeyearnayak2016a : citeyearnayak2016a : citeyearnayak2016a : citeyear - a - models - bo - as - bo - as - bo - as - bo - as - bo - as - bo - as - bo - as - bo - as - bo - as - bo - bo - as - bo - bo - bo - as - bo - bo - bo - bo - bo - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - bo - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - but - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o -
college st . hugh ’ s college degreemaster by research degreedatetrinity 2016 romanpages contents although machine translation has been a subject of interest in the research community since the late 1940s statistical machine translation makes use of parallel data to automatically infer rules which can later be combined to produce translations of input sentences . as with most natural language systems employing statistical models , the quality of translation systems increases as more data is used to train the underlying models . scalability is a key concern in machine translation , as one would like to use as much data as possible when building a translation system . this chapter presents a brief introduction to statistical machine translation . our goal is to explain how a translation system works , as we prepare the reader for the topics covered in the next chapters . we discuss the standard approaches employed by each component of a translation system and show where difficulties arise when the amount of memory is limited . we compare two formalisms that lie at the foundation of most translation systems in use today : finite state transducers and synchronous context free grammars . we focus our exposition on the topics relevant for reaching the goal of constructing a compact translation system and refer the interested reader to newcitelopez2008b for a thorough review of statical machine translation . online grammar extractors the traditional approach for storing translation models in memory is achieved with the help of phrase tables , dictionary - like data structures that map all source phrases from the training corpus to their target side effects . phrase tables often become unmanageably large , especially in the case of hierarchical phrase - based systems , which make use of translation rules containing gaps . online grammar extractors avoid loading all translation rules into memory by constructing memory efficient data structures on top of a large text corpus . online grammar extractors avoid loading all translation rules into memory by constructing memory efficient data structures on top of a large text corpus , which makes use of translation rules containing gaps . online grammar extractors avoid loading all translation rules into memory by constructing memory efficient data structures on top of a large text corpus and make use of translation rules containing gaps . online grammar extractors avoid loading all translation rules into memory by constructing memory efficient data structures on top of them . online grammar extractors avoid loading all translation rules into memory by constructing memory efficient data structures
rmse outperforms rmse on both the original and the new datasets . we hypothesize that this is because the rmse algorithm is able to learn better representations for the original data , and the rmse - based answer selection method is able to learn better representations for the new data .
sel outperforms size on all three corpora , with a small but consistent gain in rmse .
decoded sentences using the default decoder , we also decoded the sentences using the inclusion - decoder . we observe that the default decoder performs significantly better than the inclusion - decoder for both easy and hard translations , with the exception of textsep = ep1 and textsep = ep2 where the difference is less than . 05 .
adding the lexicon improves the performance of framenet , but it does not improve the performance of framenet_amb . the lexicon improves the performance of framenet_amb more than the data baseline . the lexicon improves the performance of framenet_amb more than the data baseline , but it does not improve the performance of framenet_amb . the lexicon improves the performance of framenet_amb more than the data baseline . the lexicon improves the performance of framenet but hurts the performance of framenet .
can be seen that our method outperforms all the baselines in terms of all the metrics and achieves comparable performance with the state - of - the - art in terms of meteor and cider , while being much faster and simpler to implement .
first we evaluate the quality of the incorrect summaries produced by recent summarization systems on the cnn - dm test set . we select a subset of 100 summaries from the cnn - dm development set , selected using the methods described in the previous section . observe that the pgc see17 and fas chen18 produce much longer summaries than the fas and bus , with an average error rate of 38 . 53 % and 38 . 53 % , respectively . similarly , we observe that the bus has a significantly longer summary length than the pgc see17 and fas chen18 . this suggests that the bus model tends to summarize longer summaries than the pgc and fas systems , suggesting that it is more likely to produce shorter summaries .
splits follow a common pattern , where the nli model outperforms the splits that do not follow a common pattern . for example , infersent performs better than da on 7 out of 8 splits , while sse performs better than esim on 2 out of 8 splits .
depending on the language , the rules can be either ambiguous ( e . g . , “ à qui auxquels ” ) or flexible ( e . g . , “ à qui auxquels ” ) , but they should always be ambiguous ( e . g . , “ vois là voici ” ) , i . e . , they should always be able to distinguish between correct contractions and incorrect contractions , i . e . , distinguish between correct and incorrect contractions .
lear [ vulic : 2018naaclps ] and dffn [ postle : 2018naaclps ] both achieve significant improvements in terms of bless and bibless , while they do not achieve statistically significantly better results in terms of gl . these results suggest that learning a language model with a good lexical structure is crucial for achieving good results in bible parsing .
can be seen that the distributional embeddings perform better than the random embeddings on all three languages . the postle adv model is slightly better than the random embeddings on spanish and french .
model performances on the conll test sets are shown in table 4 . our model significantly outperforms all baselines on both the conll - 2012 test set and the conll - 2012 test set . our model also achieves a new state of the art on the conll - 2012 test set .
experiments 1 and 2 show the quality of the regressor , and experiment 3 shows the quality of the regressor ’ s predictions .
pos - cnn and pos - han obtain comparable results on ccat10 and blogs50 . however , pos - han outperforms st - cnn and pos - cnn by a large margin on both datasets . on the other hand , pos - han outperforms st - cnn and pos - cnn by a large margin on ccat10 and blogs50 . this indicates that pos - han is better at representing the constituents than st - cnn and pos - cnn .
can be clearly seen that the lexical - han model performs better than the syntactic - han model and the style - based model on both datasets . the lexical - han model performs slightly better than the syntactic - han model on ccat10 and blogs50 . however , the style - based model performs better than the lexical - han model on all datasets .
can be observed that the accuracy of the fusion approaches increases with the increase of the size of the dataset . the accuracy of the combined approach is higher than that of the parallel approach . the reason might be that the size of the dataset is smaller than that of the question dataset . therefore , the accuracy of the combined approach is higher than that of the parallel approach .
style - han outperforms all the baseline models on all datasets . style - han achieves an accuracy of 90 . 58 % on ccat10 and 82 . 35 % on blogs50 , which outperforms all the baseline models except for the svm - affix - punctuation 3 - grams .
first observation is that the lstm with conditional attentions outperforms the svm and lstm c + lstmr models in terms of f1 - score . we conjecture that this is because the lstm c + lstmr model tends to classify more frequently while the lstm c + lstmr model tends to classify more sparsely . this may be because the lstm c + lstmr model tends to classify more sparsely compared to the svm and svm c + lstmr models .
first observation is that the lstm with conditional attentions outperforms the svm and lstmr in terms of both precision and recall for the class s and ns . the lstm with conditional attentions outperforms the svm and lstmr in terms of both precision and recall for the class s and ns .
first we compare the performance of the classifiers when using only textual features ( t ) and only visual features ( a ) . we can see that the multimodal classifier outperforms the majority class baseline and the random baseline by a large margin , indicating that textual features alone are not sufficient for this task . moreover , the combination of textual features and visual features ( t + a + v ) yields the best performance .
first observation is that the multimodal model performs better than the unimodal model for almost all metrics . the best f - score is reached by the multimodal model using both textual and visual features . the best precision and recall scores are obtained when the textual and visual features are combined .
first evaluate the effect of adding features from the contextual embeddings of a target speaker . we find that adding the context features improves performance for both the speaker dependent and the speaker independent models . we also find that adding the context features improves performance for both the speaker dependent and the speaker independent models .
