newcitegroschwitz2018distributed newcitelyu2018titov newcitelyu2018titov newcite zhang et al . newcite zhang et al . newcitegroschwitz2018distributed used a multi - class classifier to predict named entities and unknown entities , but it failed to predict unknown entities . newcitelyu2018titov also used a multi - class classifier to predict unknown entities and unknown entities , but it did not perform well on unknown entities and unknown entities . newcite zhang et al . newcite zhang et al . newcite zhang et al . newcite zhang et al . newcite zhang et al .
sees that biobert outperforms bert on all tasks except mednli . we hypothesize that this is because mednli is a multi - class classification dataset whereas snli is a single - class classification dataset whereas snli is a multi - class classification dataset whereas mnli and snli are multi - class classification datasets .
sees a large increase in performance for but and neg sentences , and a smaller increase for but and neg sentences . we hypothesize that this is because negation carries more information , which is not captured by the “ but ” representations in sst2 , which is a characteristic of sst2 that is difficult to generalize .
also shows the results of a crowdsourced study using the same thresholds as in the original sst2 dataset . the no - distill , no - project baseline , with a threshold of 0 . 5 , got the opposite label of 234 out of the 447 sentences labeled as neutral . the no - project elmo , with a threshold of 0 got the opposite label of 234 out of the 447 sentences labeled as neutral . the performance of the elmo models on non - neutral sentences is very similar to the performance of the baseline model , with accuracy ranging from 91 . 31 % to 93 . 14 % .
can clearly see that using pre - trained word embeddings ( glove , pseudoembeddings ) leads to better performance than using the original word embeddings ( adagrad ) , except for the combination of tf and idf . using adagrad embeddings again leads to better performance than using the original word embeddings . however , the combination of tf and idf seems to perform worse than using either one alone .
also shows the precision , recall and f - score for each type of concept input . we can see that pre - trained word embeddings ( glove , pseudoembeddings ) outperform the idf embeddings by a large margin , especially for the “ both ” type of concept input . this shows the usefulness of pre - trained word embeddings in this task of concept identification .
can see that our method outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by a large margin ( p0 . 05 ) . moreover , our method outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by a large margin ( p0 . 005 ) , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our method .
using glove embeddings on top of cnn and lstm ( full and k ) leads to an increase in mrr over the baseline . adding additional word embeddings ( glove + c - lstm ) does not improve the mrr over the bl + glove model . however , adding word vectors ( glove + c - lstm ) improves the mrr over the bl + glove model , suggesting that word vectors are useful for sentence representations .
sat outperforms the baseline model with a significant margin in all three datasets , demonstrating the effectiveness of our method . moreover , sat ( k = 2 ) outperforms the sat ( k = 4 ) model by a large margin on all three datasets , demonstrating the effectiveness of our method .
adding two dummy nodes to the network improves the accuracy only marginally . however , increasing the hidden size further increases the training time and leads to a significant increase in the number of parameters .
, we show that by stacking cnns , we can obtain a model with comparable accuracy to state - of - the - art results on this dataset . we also show that by stacking cnns , we can obtain a model with comparable accuracy to state - of - the - art results while significantly reducing the number of trainable parameters .
can be clearly seen that the s - lstm performs the best in terms of both training and test time . it achieves a test accuracy of 82 . 45 % and outperforms the state - of - the - art results of newcitesocher2011semantic , newciteqian2016linguistically , newcitekim2014convolutional , newcitekim2014convolutional , and newciteqian2016linguistically in both the classification and regression tasks .
interestingly , the bilstm model outperforms both the slstm and bilstm models on all datasets except for kitchen , where bilstm is slightly better . we believe that this is due to the small size of the datasets ( i . e . , only 4 datasets ) and the fact that the training time is not directly proportional to the size of the datasets ( i . e . , datasets with only 4 classes ) .
manning2011part , newcitecolobert2011natural , newcitesogaard2011semisupervised , newcitehuang2015bidirectional , newcitesogaard2011semisupervised , newcitesogaard2011semisupervised , newcitesogaard2011semisupervised and newciteyang2017transfer reported accuracies on the test set . manning2011part , newcitesogaard2011natural , newcitesogaard2011semisupervised , newcitesogaard2011semisupervised , newcitehuang2015bidirectional , newcitehuang2015bidirectional and newciteyang2017transfer reported accuracies on the test set . manning2011part , newcitesogaard2011natural , newcitesogaard2011semisupervised , newcitesogaard2011natural , newcitesogaard2011semisupervised , newcitesogaard2011semisupervised , newcitesogaard2011semisupervised , newcitehuang2015bidirectional , and newciteyang2017transfer reported accuracies on the test set of their models . manning2011part and newcitesogaard2011natural reported accuracies on the test set , while newcitesogaard2011semisupervised reported accuracies on the training set . newcitesogaard2011semisupervised reported accuracies on the test set , whereas newcitehuang2015bidirectional reported accuracies on the training set , newciteyang2017transfer reported accuracies on the test set and newcitehuang2015bidirectional reported accuracies on the test set . newcitesogaard2011semisupervised reported accuracies on the test set and newciteyang2017transfer reported accuracies on the training set and newciteyang2017transfer reported accuracies on
report the performance of a bilstm and a transformer on the test set . our model achieves a state - of - the - art result with a f1 score of 91 . 93 on the test set and a significantly faster inference time than the other models .
compares to the state - of - the - art on the e2e task according to bleu papineni et al . the two neural models outperform the baseline system by a large margin in both metrics . the difference in bleu between the character - based model and the word - based model is smaller in the e2e test set , but the character - based model outperforms the word - based model in the rouge - l metric .
, both character - based and word - based models outperform the strong baselines from tilburg - smt and upf - forge for both metrics . the character - based model also outperforms the word - based model for both bleu and rouge - l . the difference in bleu between word - based and character - based models might be explained by the fact that upf - forge used a different training corpus than the one used in our experiments .
increasing the number of layers in synst ’ s parser significantly lowers the speedup while marginally impacting bleu . we also find that randomly sampling 1 . . . 6 during training boosts bleu significantly with minimal impact on speedup .
see that for both bleu and rouge - l the differences between e2e and webnlg are relatively small . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that e2e and webnlg use different encoders compared to webnlg . however , the difference in bleu is smaller for e2e compared to webnlg . this is due to the fact that e2e and webnlg use different encoders compared to webnlg . in addition , the differences in rouge - l between e2e and webnlg are smaller for e2e than for webnlg .
can see that the overall correctness rate of the webnlg character - based encoder is higher than that of the e2e word - based encoder . this indicates that the webnlg model can generate text that is free of grammatical and spelling errors , as well as be free of grammatical and spelling mistakes .
compared to the e2e system , the webnlg system has a higher percentage of unique texts ( i . e . texts with at least three characters appearing in the input ) compared to the e2e system ( i . e . texts with at least three words appearing in the input ) . compared to the e2e system , the webnlg system has a higher percentage of unique texts ( i . e . texts with at least three characters appearing in the input ) . the percentage of unique sentences is higher for the e2e system compared to the webnlg system ( i . e . , sentences with at least three characters appearing in the input ) .
, we manually evaluated the generated texts for 10 random test instances of a word - based model trained with the training data from two templates . the reranker improves the top n hypotheses by a large margin , i . e . , it selects more correct texts among the top n .
lead - 75c model achieves a rouge score of 23 . 69 on the test set , achieving state - of - the - art unsupervised performance of 21 . 30 . in the second section , we compare with recent unsupervised methods and our own implementation of a seq - to - seq model with attention . our implementation of a seq - to - seq model with attention achieves a rouge score of 24 . 97 on the test set , achieving a new state - of - the - art performance of 24 . 97 .
can see that our contextual match model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models , and the contextual oracle outperforms the previous state - of - the - art model by a large margin .
, we observe that the best performance is obtained when all features are used , i . e . , cs + cat , temp5 + cat , na + cat . we also observe that temp10 performs better when all features are used , i . e . , temp5 + cat + bot , na + cat .
, we have submitted our best models to the official leaderboard , with scores of 33 . 7 , 33 . 6 , and 35 . 6 for the long - range prediction of the first branch , 2 classes , and mv classifications , respectively . for the long - range prediction of the first branch , we have obtained 74 . 7 , 74 . 7 , and 80 . 1 on the test set . for the short - range prediction of the second branch , we have obtained 33 . 6 , 36 . 5 , and 28 . 3 on the test set , with scores of 37 . 4 for the first branch , 33 . 6 for the second branch , and 35 . 6 for the long range prediction of the second branch . for the long range prediction of the second branch , we have obtained 80 . 1 , 82 . 7 , and 80 . 1 on the test set , respectively .
also shows the improvement obtained by jointly training the two decoders . the third column shows that when the token decoder deviates from the predicted chunk sequence , it usually results in a translation that is closer to the ground - truth target syntax , while the fourth column shows the improvement that is obtained by jointly training the two decoders .
can be seen that with an auto - regressive rnn as decoder , using teacher forcing achieves the best performance on most of the tasks except sts14 . however , it performs worse on some tasks , e . g . , sst and trec .
xlnet ( lin et al . , we use the adam optimizer [ kingma2014adam ] for sentence encoders , and use the adam optimizer for sentence decoders . xlnet ( lin et al . , we use the adam optimizer for sentence encoders , and use the adam optimizer for sentence decoders . xlnet ( lin et al . , we use the adam optimizer for sentence encoders , and use the adam optimizer for sentence decoders . xlnet ( lin et al . , zhang et al . , we use the adam optimizer for sentence decoders . we use the adam optimizer for sentence encoders , and use the adam optimizer for sentence decoders . xlnet ( lin et al . , zhang et al . , we use the adam optimizer for sentence encoders and use the adam optimizer for sentence decoders . xlnet ( lin et al . , zhang et al . , we use the adam optimizer for sentence encoders and use the adam optimizer for sentence decoders . xlnet ( lin et al . , zhang et al . , we use the adam optimizer for sentence encoders and sentence decoders and use the adam optimizer for sentence encoders and the adam optimizer for word decoders . xlnet ( lin et al . , zhang et al . we use the adam optimizer for sentence encoders and use the adam optimizer for word decoders .
using bpe vocabularys is consistently better than using the full word vocabulary on all datasets except for the iwslt english - french . we also find that byte pair based vocabularies perform better than word based vocabularies on all datasets except for the wmt english - french . this suggests that byte pair based encoding is as effective as word based encoding in a low resource setting .
char - cnn and syl - lstm outperform lstm - word by a large margin . syl - avg and syl - avg - b outperform syl - lstm by a smaller margin . syl - concat and syl - sum outperform syl - avg - a and syl - avg - b by a large margin . syl - concat outperforms syl - cnn - 4 by a large margin , and syl - sum outperforms syl - avg - avg - b by a large margin . syl - concat and syl - sum outperform syl - avg - b by a large margin .
char - cnn and syl - cnn outperform syl - sum and syl - concat in en , es , de , cs , ru and ru on the data - s dataset . the char - cnn model outperforms syl - sum and syl - concat on the data - s dataset . the char - cnn model also outperforms syl - sum and syl - concat on the data - s dataset . we believe this is because syl - sum and syl - concat do not capture long - distance dependencies , while char - cnn and syl - sum capture long - term dependencies .
, we find that rhn - char - cnn outperforms rhn - syl - concat in terms of perplexity , while rhn - syl - concat outperforms rhn - char - cnn in terms of perplexity , but is worse than rhn - char - cnn in terms of perplexity . we conjecture that this is because character - level rhn has more parameters than character - level rhn , and character - level rhn has more parameters than syntactic - based rhn .
used to measure the effect of adding titles to premise paragraphs . we trained both esim and transformer on the fever training set and tested them on the fever test set . we found that for both esim and transformer the addition of titles to premise paragraphs improves support accuracy and claim kappa for both training and test sets . however , for esim the addition of titles to premise paragraphs does not improve claim kappa for either training or test set . this is because adding titles to premise paragraphs makes the model more sensitive to the sparsity of premise paragraphs and makes the model more sensitive to the sparsity of premise sentences .
can be seen as an artifact of the machine learning models that concatenate multiple claims . in the first experiment , esim achieves an accuracy of . 846 using the title five of fever and an accuracy of . 511 using the title one of fever . in the second experiment , esim achieves an accuracy of . 846 using the title five of fever and an accuracy of . 639 using the title one of fever . in the third experiment , the esim model achieves an accuracy of . 639 using the title five of fever . in the fourth experiment , the esim model achieves an accuracy of . 639 using the title five of fever . in the fifth experiment , the esim model achieves an accuracy of . 846 using the title five of fever . in the sixth experiment , the esim model achieves an accuracy of . 846 using the title five of fever and an accuracy of . 609 using the title five of fever . in the seventh experiment , the esim model achieves an accuracy of . 846 using the title five of fever . in the eighth experiment , the esim model achieves an accuracy of . 629 using the title five of fever . in the ninth experiment , the esim model achieves an accuracy of . 629 using the title five of fever . in the eleventh experiment , the esim model achieves an accuracy of . 629 using the title five of fever . the claim kappa of the esim model is . 629 using the title five of fever . the claim kappa of the esim model is . 629 using the title five of fever . the claim kappa of the esim model is . 629 using the title five of fever . the claim kappa of the esim model is . 622 using the title five of fever . the claim kappa of the esim model is . 690 using the title five of fever . the claim kappa of the esim model is . 659 using the title five of fever and . 629 using the title five of fever . the claim kappa of the esim model is . 6
first question is how much evidence can be retrieved from the claims in the first half of the development set using only single - evidence approaches . we report the percentage of claims for which at least some of the evidence can be retrieved . we report the percentage of claims for which at least some of the evidence can be retrieved . we also report the percentage of claims for which at least some of the evidence can be retrieved from the entire first half of the development set ( i . e . , all single - evidence claims ) . we observe that including titles in tfidf improves retrieval performance , but adding in a variety of ways ( e . g . , including movies in tfidf ) hurts performance slightly .
fever scores the fever score for a given system and document are used to compare against the oracle performance of a human scorer . the fever score for a given document is used to compare against human scores . the fever score for a given system is used to compare against human scores . the fever score for a given document is used to compare against human scores . the fever score for a given system is used to compare against human scores . the fever score for a given document is used to compare against human scores . the fever score for a given document is used to compare against human scores . the fever score for a given document is used to compare against human scores . the fever score for a given document is used to compare against human scores . the fever score for a given document is used to compare against human scores . the fever score for a given document is used to compare against human scores .
sees that accuracy for the “ new ” pairs is lower than for the “ all ” pairs , but that the accuracy is lower than for the “ new ” pairs , even though the “ all ” pairs have the same number of edges . the reason for this is that the “ new ” pairs do not have the same number of edges as the “ all ” pairs , and it is therefore more difficult to predict their positions .
evaluate the quality of the in - vocabulary embeddings by measuring precision and recall at n - gram level . we report precision @ 1 and recall @ 10 for all pairs in the test set , as well as for all oov word pairs .
, we compare the proposed tl2rtl model with its three variants : 1 ) tl2rtl ( l ) , 2 ) tl2rtl ( lce ) , 3 ) tl2rtl ( lh ) , 4 ) tl2rtl ( lce ) , and 5 ) tl2rtl ( lh + lce ) . we can see that the proposed tl2rtl model outperforms the three variants of our proposed model in all three evaluation measures . we also observe that the performance of tl2rtl with either direct or indirect supervision is significantly better than that of tl2rtl with either direct or indirect supervision .
can see that for the legal onion dataset , the classifier performs better with half of the labels being available . this can be explained by the fact that there are more labels on the first half of the image than on the second half . in the case of the ebay dataset , the classifier performs better with all labels on the first half of the image than it does with the second half .
sees a similar trend , with websites like ebay having significantly more wikifiable entities , and websites like illegal onion having significantly more .
compare our method against several state - of - the - art methods for sentence embeddings on the conll dataset . we report results for all sentences in all five subsets and average over all subsets . we report results for the sentence embeddings trained on the conll training set ( ‘ all ’ ) , the sentence embeddings trained on the conll training set ( ‘ s2 ’ ) , the sentence embeddings trained on the different subsets of the training set ( ‘ s3 ’ , ‘ s07 ’ , ‘ s13 ’ ) and the sentence embeddings trained on all the five subsets .
can see that our parser outperforms the state - of - the - art system raganato et al . et al .
, we show results for the p - coref based systems ( ppr , ppr_w2w , pprnf and dfs_ppr ) as well as for the p - coref - based systems ( ppr_w2w , pprnf and dfs_ppr ) . the results show that the p - coref systems obtain significantly better results than the p - coref systems on all corpora . the dfs_ppr system performs slightly better than the p - coref systems on the s15 corpus , but not on the p - coref system .
yang et al . shortciteyang2016deep report a classification accuracy of 73 . 95 % on swbd and 80 . 76 % on swbd2 datasets for their feature - based models based on bag - of - words ( bow ) , tf - idf based features ( tf - idf ) and logistic regression respectively . we also report a classification accuracy of 90 . 82 % for swbd and 87 . 57 % for swbd2 datasets which are the official test sets of the swbd shared task . we observe that the bigram + svm outperforms the hn - att baseline on both datasets . the best performing model is the logistic regression classifier which outperforms all other models on both datasets .
irnet achieves 53 . 2 % exact matching accuracy on development data and 54 . 7 % exact matching accuracy on test data , which outperforms the previous state - of - the - art sqlnet by 12 . 4 % absolute absolute . syntaxsqlnet with bert achieves 25 . 0 % exact matching accuracy on development data and 25 . 4 % exact matching accuracy on test data , which is even better than syntaxsqlnet with bert , which achieves 25 . 4 % exact matching accuracy on development data and 25 . 4 % exact matching accuracy on test data . irnet with bert achieves 53 . 2 % exact matching accuracy and 54 . 7 % exact matching accuracy , which is even better than the previous state - of - the - art .
sees that irnet achieves significant performance improvement over syntaxsqlnet on the hard questions ( with p - value 0 . 05 ) . irnet ( bert ) also achieves significant performance improvement over syntaxsqlnet on the easy questions ( with p - value 0 . 05 ) . irnet ( bert ) outperforms syntaxsqlnet on the extra difficult questions .
can be seen that syntaxsqlnet achieves the best performance on sql queries , and syntaxsqlnet ( bert ) achieves the best performance on semql queries . this shows that syntaxsqlnet is effective in generating semql queries even if the generated sql is good .
can be seen that the re - weighting has a positive impact on the accuracy of the classifiers on the supports and refutes cases for all three models ( esim , bert , nsmn ) in both the settings of re - weighting with and without the grammatical weighting .
using the same bigrams as in the previous experiment , we observe that glslmi performs better than glslmi + glove for most of the bigrams except for “ winner ” which improves performance .
report results using the newsqa bidaf baseline , and compare to a model finetuned on squad using the data generated by a 2 - stage synnet ( snet ) . we report exact match and span f1 scores for the baseline , as well as a model finetuned on newsqa with the data generated by the synnet .
first compared the performance of seq2seq ( goal ) with that of seq2seq ( goal + state ) . we also compared the performance of seq2seq ( goal ) with that of seq2seq ( goal + state ) . we also compared the performance of seq2seq ( goal ) with that of seq2seq ( goal ) with that of seq2seq ( goal + state ) . we also compared the performance of seq2seq ( goal + state ) with that of seq2seq ( goal ) with that of seq2seq ( goal ) with that of seq2seq ( goal + state ) . we also compared the performance of seq2seq ( goal + state ) with that of seq2seq ( goal ) with that of seq2seq ( goal + state ) . we also compared the performance of seq2seq ( goal + state ) with that of seq2seq ( goal ) with that of seq2seq ( goal + state ) . we also compared the performance of seq2seq ( goal + state ) with that of seq2seq ( goal ) with that of seq2seq ( goal + state ) . we also compared the performance of seq2seq ( goal + state ) with that of seq2seq ( goal ) with that of seq2seq ( goal + state ) . we also compared the performance of seq2seq ( goal + state ) with that of seq2seq ( goal ) with that of seq2seq ( goal + state ) . we also compared the performance of seq2seq ( goal + state ) with that of seq2seq ( goal ) with that of seq2seq ( goal + state ) with that of seq2seq ( goal + state ) with that of seq2seq ( goal ) . we also compared the performance of seq2seq ( goal + state ) with that of seq2seq ( goal + state
, we can see that the most frequent pos tags are verbs , adjectives , and punctuation , while the least frequent pos tags are pos tags of nouns , adjectives , and prepositions . in general , the most frequent pos tags are verbs , adjectives , and punctuation in the chinesejapanese corpus . the least frequent pos tags are prepositions and adjectives , and the least frequent pos tags are pos tags of nouns , verbs , and adjectives . the least frequent pos tags are prepositions , and the least frequent pos tags are prepositions . we can see that the most frequent pos tags are verbs , adjectives , and punctuation , followed by verbs and prepositions .
specifically , our model achieves new state - of - the - art results on the accuracy and macro - f1 scores on the two datasets , which demonstrates the effectiveness and generalizability of our model . specifically , our model outperforms ram chen et al . et al .
study ( a ) and ( b ) summarize the performance of a model finetuned with a 2 - stage synnet architecture on newsqa . in study a , we vary k , the number of mini - batches used for every batch in newsqa , and how much of the paragraph we use for question synthesis . in study b , we vary the answer type and how much of the paragraph we use for question synthesis . we find that setting k = 0 results in the best performance . we also find that using the entire paragraph for question synthesis improves performance over using 2 sentences of the paragraph for question synthesis .
es2en and en2es performance on khresmoi is compared with the baseline khresmoi model . es2en health bio performs the best among all transfer learning schedules . es2en health bio performs the best among all transfer learning schedules . en2es health bio performs the best among all transfer learning schedules .
es2enbiomed and es2enhybrid obtain better health and biomedical domains than the uniform ensemble on both tasks , although the health decoder performs better .
uniform ensemble performs better than the all - biomed baseline for de2en , but worse for en2de . the bi ensemble , which uses = 0 . 5 , performs better than the uniform ensemble for de2en and en2de , but worse for en2de .
bi with a smoothing factor of = 0 . 5 is chosen for submission based on available development data . for each language pair , bi with = 0 . 1 outperforms the uniform ensemble with = 0 . 5 , showing the effectiveness of bi with this smoothing factor .
bleu is a widely used evaluation metric in nlp . the bleu score ranges from 0 to 1 , higher is better . escape has the highest bleu score .
, both ter and bleu are lower than that of the mt - as - pe model . the gaussian model performs better than the uniform model , and the ensemble x5 model outperforms the uniform model . the ensemble x5 model outperforms the uniform model and the gaussian model in ter .
also outperforms the translate - as - pair ( mt as pe ) model . the bleu score of mt as pe ( 76 . 76 ) is higher than that of mt as processed mt ( 76 . 61 ) , which indicates that the mt as pe model is better than the processed mt model . the bleu score of mt as pe ( 76 . 61 ) is higher than that of mt as pe ( 76 . 61 ) . the bleu score of mt as processed mt ( 76 . 61 ) is higher than that of the mt as pe ( 76 . 61 ) . the bleu score of the processed mt ( 76 . 61 ) is higher than that of mt as pe ( 76 . 91 ) .
using lexical examples results in the highest accuracy and grammaticality with an average accuracy of 94 % , while using the bonus condition results in the highest accuracy and grammaticality with an average accuracy of 89 % . using mixed examples results in the highest accuracy and grammaticality with an average accuracy of 94 % , while diversity is the highest with an average accuracy of 58 % and diversity pinc at 68 % . using no examples results in the highest accuracy and grammaticality with an average accuracy of 89 % , with an average accuracy of 94 % and accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 94 % . the highest diversity with an average accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 93 % with an average accuracy of 94 % and accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 87 % . the highest diversity with an average accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 93 % with an average accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 87 % and accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 87 % . the lowest accuracy with an average accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 87 % and accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 94 % and accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 94 % . the highest accuracy with an average accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 94 % and accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 94 % with an average accuracy of 94 % .
nmpu and nipu scores for verbs , objects , and frames are reported by watset et al . we also report the state - of - the - art results obtained on these datasets by cotterell et al . the nmpu scores for verbs and objects are reported by cotterell et al . the nipu scores for verbs and objects are reported by cotterell et al . the hosg score for verbs is reported by cotterell et al . the hosg score for object frames is reported by cotterell et al . the hosg score for verbs and objects is reported by cotterell et al . the hosg score for object frames is reported by cotterell et al . the hosg score for verbs and objects is reported by cotterell et al . the hosg score for object frames is reported by cotterell et al . the hosg score for verbs and objects is reported by cotterell et al .
can be seen that lda - frames achieves the best results in terms of both nmpu and nipu . noac and hosg are not able to handle polysemous verbs in this dataset . hosg is able to handle polysemous verbs in this dataset , but does not perform as well as lda - frames and triadic spectral .
, rr and rr_fr_1step outperform the current state of the art performance in terms of both max f1 and 11 - point intersection area percentile rank .
, rr and rr_fr_1step were both trained on the small french - english training data . we also report the state - of - the - art performance on the large french - english dataset , 11 - point intersection area percentile rank ( iap ) . the iap scores for rr and rr_fr_2step were obtained using the same training data .
cadec is a public data set about adverse drug events and prescription drugs . cadec is a dataset of posts from askapatient , a forum where patients can discuss their experiences with medications . the posts are taken from a forum where consumers can discuss their experiences with medications . wetlab is a large data set about biology . we use it because it contains a large number of training and test splits and because it is publicly available . craft is a large data set about computer science and material science . wetlab is a large data set about biology .
, we measured the correlation between the similarity measures and the effectiveness of pretrained language models . we see that the similarity measures are highly correlated with the effectiveness of the pretrained language models , while there is no correlation between the similarity measures and the effectiveness of pretrained models . this shows that word vector similarity can be used to measure the quality of language models .
compare the accuracies of our pretrained models with those of the publicly available models . for glove pretrained word vectors , our method outperforms elmo pretrained word vectors across all the datasets . for lms , our method outperforms elmo pretrained word vectors across all the datasets except craft .
, we investigate the impact of hyper - parameter settings on the effectiveness of pretrained word vectors . we use the scienceie and wetlab datasets as the source domains for hyper - parameter tuning , and the wetlab dataset as the target domain for word2vec embedding search . we can see that the hyper - parameter setting consistently improves the performance of pretrained word vectors .
deixis is the most common cause of discrepancy in context - agnostic translation . the most common type of discrepancy is due to t - v distinction ( 67 % ) , followed by the same / different speaker ( 22 % ) , and finally the other type of discrepancy ( 0 . 2 % ) .
rc with sg initializations outperforms random initializations by a large margin in the “ all ” subset , which is consistent with our analysis in the main text . rc with sglr outperforms rc with sglr in the “ 0 - 100 ” subset , and is comparable in the “ 500 + ” subset .
, random initialization achieves a f1 of 58 . 9 % on the test set , compared to 59 . 4 % by leeuwenberg et al . ( 2017 ) and 61 . 3 % by tourille et al . ( 2017 ) . our random initialization of the support graph improves the f1 to 71 . 2 % , compared to 62 . 1 % by lin et al . ( 2017 ) and to 61 . 3 % by leeuwenberg et al . ( 2017 ) .
rc with sg initialized performs better than rc with sg initialized , indicating that the error types in rc ( sg initialized ) are not mutually exclusive .
can be seen that ling outperforms the baselines ( p0 . 05 ) in all three tasks , and ling + gat outperforms all the baselines except ling + pv ( p0 . 05 ) . for the hate speech dataset , the performance of ling + n2v is worse than that of ling and ling + pv . for the sentiment and stance datasets , the performance of ling + gat is the best , followed by ling + pv and ling + n2v .
, we can see that the size of the datasets for the language pairs that are parallel is much larger than that of the language pairs that are dissimilar , i . e . , en – bg , en – it , en – cs , en – da , en – lv , en – pt , en – es , en – ro , en – fi , en – sk . this is due to the fact that there are many more sentences for the language pairs that are dissimilar , i . e . , there are more sentences for the language pairs that are dissimilar . the size of the datasets for the language pairs that are dissimilar ( es , pt , lv ) is also larger than that of the datasets that are dissimilar , i . e . , the size of the datasets for the language pairs that are dissimilar ( es , pt , en – ro ) .
are caused by three types of discrepancies : wrong morphological form ( 66 % ) , wrong verb ( 20 % ) and other errors ( 14 % ) . these types of discrepancies are highly correlated : ellipsis is the most common error type , followed by morphological error ( 66 % ) . the second most common error type is vp - ellipsis , which is caused by morphological form mismatch . the third type is the wrong verb mismatch ( 20 % ) .
m . 1 has the highest accuracy for sentences with female nouns . however , the difference between means of predicted positive class probabilities for sentences with female nouns and sentences with male nouns is not statistically significant ( p0 . 01 ) , which shows that the model does not discriminate between genders .
wm18 ’ s results are better than the state - of - the - art for all seen test conditions . among the seen test conditions , wm18 ’ s results are slightly worse than the state - of - the - art for hsv ’ s results . for all seen test conditions , the ensemble model outperforms the hsv model , but it is outperformed by the rgb model for the unseen modifiers test condition .
trained with p = 0 . 5 , the results for cadec are not statistically different from the baseline . the s - hier - to - 2 . tied model improves over the concatenated model , but is outperformed by cadec .
performs experiments on two variants of the f & c dataset . the first variant ( no - leak f & c ) contains 712 labeled samples , while the second variant ( clean f & c ) contains 3 , 650 labeled samples , and the third variant ( clean f & c ) contains 1 , 268 labeled samples , which are inferable by the resource . the training , development , and test sets contain 5 , 418 and 6 , 007 samples respectively .
also report the performance of the pce lstm proposed by yang et al . for the f & c clean dataset , our proposed model ( doq ) outperforms the pce lstm proposed by yang et al . on the new data , our proposed model ( doq + 3 - distance ) also outperforms the pce lstm proposed by yang et al .
also report results on the relative dataset . we use the same thresholds as yang et al . et al . ’ s .
intrinsic evaluation : to evaluate the performance of our system in an intrinsic evaluation scenario , we ask two human annotators to label 100 objects randomly selected from the mnist dataset . we ask the annotators to label 100 objects randomly chosen from the mnist dataset . the task is to identify the number of objects that fall into the given range of the object given the dimension . for each object , we ask the annotators to count how many of them fall into the range of the object given the dimension . for each object , we define the median to be the number of objects that fall into the range of the object , given the dimension of the dimensionality . for each object , we counted how many times it falls in the range of the object , given the dimension of the dimensionality of the dimensionality . we observe that our median model performs slightly better than the other two human annotators .
statistical significance of the results is indicated by a paired t - test with p - value 0 . 05 . rc19 and rc5 have very similar estimates of the pca components , with rc19 having the highest estimate of the first person singular pronoun incidence . on the other hand , rc35 and rc91 have very different estimates of the hypernymy for nouns , with rc35 having a higher estimate of the ratio of casual particles to causal verbs , and rc91 having the lowest estimate of the text cohesion .
use bert pre - trained model to classify between fake news and satire articles . the best performing model was able to achieve an f1 - score of 0 . 78 using only the headline , and a f1 - score of 0 . 75 when including the text body of the article .
can be seen that concatenation achieves the best results in total lexical cohesion , while s - hier - to - 2 . tied is better than the baseline in deixis , but cadec is better in lexical cohesion .
use the multinomial naive bayes method to classify between fake news and satire articles . we also use the linguistic cues of text coherence and semantic representation with a pre - trained bert model to classify between fake news and satire articles . we find that the pre - trained bert model significantly outperforms the baseline in predicting whether an article is fake or not by achieving an f1 score of 0 . 78 .
, ment - norm achieves state - of - the - art performance on aida - b . ment - norm ( no pad ) outperforms ment - norm ( k = 1 ) , demonstrating the effectiveness of ment - norm in the normalizing process .
guorobust , d17 - 1276 , and cheng - roth : 2013 : emnlp report their performance on five datasets and the average is shown in the table . guorobust achieves the best performance on four datasets and the average is shown in the table . guorobust , d17 - 1276 , and cheng - roth : 2013 : emnlp report their performance on five datasets and the average is shown in the table . guorobust and cheng - roth : 2013 : emnlp report their performance on four datasets and the average is 87 . 4 .
lstm and bilstm + att models outperform the previous state - of - the - art results reported in rach et al . ; ultes et al . the bilstm + att model performs better than its corresponding lstm and bilstm variants , but falls short of the bilstm model in terms of ea .
concatenated embeddings outperform the s - hier - to - 2 . tied baseline by 6 % on infrequent words , and by 5 % on vp ellipsis . the concatenated embeddings outperform the s - hier - to - 2 . tied baseline by 10 % on infrequent words , and by 5 % on vp ellipsis .
, we compare the proposed models with the state - of - the - art lexicon - based models proposed by rach et al . the models by ultes et al . the bilstm + att model performs better than the lstm + att model in terms of the uar metric . the bilstm + att model outperforms the baseline lexicon - based models in terms of the ea and ep . the bilstm + att model performs better in terms of the ea metric than the bilstm + att model .
, we report the f1 - measure results over the test portion of our dataset averaged over 10 replications of the training process with the same hyper parameters . joint1 and joint2 outperform our baseline ner model . the joint_multi model also outperforms the baseline ner model . the ext_m_feat model also outperforms the baseline ner model .
reported results are averages over 10 replications of the training process . as with the ner evaluation , our multi - task model md achieves an average accuracy of 88 . 61 . our two joint models j_multi and j_multi + + achieve an average accuracy of 88 . 05 and 86 . 86 respectively .
can see that adding knowledge graph information to any of our base models can yield an absolute improvement of 4 . 9 % or more in case of fasttext and glove , and an improvement of 1 . 36 % in case of glove . the baseline model utilizing bioelmo as base embeddings showed an accuracy of 78 . 2 % . adding knowledge graph information to any of our base models can yield an absolute improvement of 4 . 97 % or more in case of fasttext and glove . the baseline model utilizing bioelmo as base embeddings showed an accuracy of 78 . 2 % . the model utilizing bioelmo as base embeddings showed an accuracy of 79 . 04 % .
p = 0 means that there is no probability of using the corrupted reference at training time . we see that deixis , lexical correctness and ellipsis improve as the probability of using the corrupted reference increases . however , deixis , lexical correctness and ellipsis degrade less than in the case of p = 0 . 25 , 0 . 5 , 0 . 75 and p = 0 .
evaluate the performance of the traditional classifier in phase 2 when only given documents of seen classes , i . e . , only 50 % of the documents are used for training and the remaining 50 % are used for testing . in other words , in phase 2 only given documents of seen classes , the classifier is trained on seen classes and tested on unseen classes only . in other words , in phase 2 only given documents of seen classes , the classifier is only trained on seen classes and tested on unseen classes . in other words , in phase 2 only given a fraction of documents , the accuracy of the traditional classifier decreases . this is because in phase 2 only given documents of seen classes , the classifier is trained on only seen classes , i . e . , the classifier is only trained on seen classes .
, we show the performance of our full model ( ours + glove , ours + elmo ) with and without augmentation in the columns of “ ours + elmo w / o augmentation ” and “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the tables of “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the tables of “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the tables of “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the tables of “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the columns of “ ours + glove w augmentation ” in the “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the “ ours + elmo w augmentation ” in the “ ours + glove w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w
can see that with our simple pre - trained embeddings , elmo , and additional data augmentation , our model outperforms choi et al . ’ s ( ours + elmo w augmentation ) and the bert - base model without any data augmentation . the performance of the bert - base model with data augmentation is only slightly better than the bert - base with data augmentation . the performance of the bert - base with data augmentation is only slightly better than the bert - base model with data augmentation . however , with filtering and relabeling , the performance is significantly improved .
first set of experiments evaluates the performance of different types of denoising methods on entity linking and headword identification on the conll - 2012 dataset . the results show that our method outperforms all the heuristic baselines on both datasets . among the heuristic baselines , synonyms & hypernyms performs the best on the el dataset , while overlap performs the best on the head dataset . our method outperforms the other heuristic baselines on the el dataset , while slightly worse on the head dataset .
w / o augmentation is the bert - base model without any augmentation . ours + elmo w augmentation is the bert - base model with elmo augmentation . the bert - base model is the same model as shimaoka et al . choi et al . the bert - base model is the same model as shimaoka et al . with elmo augmentation , our model with filtering and relabeling achieves the state - of - the - art performance on both ma - f1 and mi - f1 . the bert - base model by choi et al .
can see that the relabeling function tends to add or delete more types on el data , and delete more types on head data . the rate of examples discarded by the filtering function is 9 . 4 % on el data , and 10 . 0 % on head .
test our models on three datasets : 1 ) ubuntu - v1 , 2 ) ubuntu - v2 , and samsung qa . for each dataset , we randomly sampled a subset of the data to train our models , and the remaining samples were used for validation and testing . for all datasets , the number of tokens in the message and the number of tokens in the response are reported in the last column of the table . we observe that our models achieve good performance on all datasets , with the exception of samsung qa , where the performance gap is smaller than the other datasets .
, we compare the performance of all the compared models with the original rde and rde - ltc encoders without any attention mechanism , including tf - idf , cnn , lstm , bimpm , compagg , and rde . we can see that rde and rde - ltc have similar performance . however , tf - idf , cnn , and bimpm do not use attention . therefore , we do not compare tf - idf with lstm . we can see that tf - idf performs better than cnn , lstm , and bimpm . we attribute this to the fact that lstm is a multi - layer perceptron that uses a convolutional layer to encode the dialog history . we also observe that tf - idf performs better than cnn , lstm , and bimpm . however , tf - idf , cnn , and bimpm do not use attention . tf - idf , lstm , and compagg do not use attention . rde , rde - ltc , and rde perform better than rde , rde , and rde - ltc . we attribute this to the fact that tf - idf , lstm , and bimpm encode the dialog history as vectors . rde - ltc , rde , and rde perform better than rde , rde , and rde - ltc .
, we compare the performance of compagg with baselines of sequence labeling and sequence labeling . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on recurrent neural network ( rnn ) the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on recurrent neural network ( rnn ) the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on recurrent neural network ( rnn ) the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on recurrent neural network . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on recurrent neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on recurrent neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on recurrent neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . the compagg baseline is a sequence labeling method based on neural networks . it is a sequence labeling method based
can see that hrde - ltc outperforms both rde and tf - idf models on the samsung qa dataset . on the wikiqa dataset , hrde - ltc outperforms both rde and rde - ltc . on the wikiqa dataset , hrde - ltc outperforms both rde and rde - ltc , and outperforms rde - ltc .
specifically , our model achieves a new state - of - the - art result on bleu - 4 and rouge - l , which outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on both datasets . specifically , our model achieves a new state - of - the - art result on bleu - 4 and rouge - l , which outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on both datasets . specifically , our model achieves a new state - of - the - art performance on bleu - 4 , meteor and rouge - l , which is a new state - of - the - art result on this dataset .
can see that the proposed iwaqg model consistently outperforms the “ only qg ” model on all the metrics except rouge - l . when the training accuracy is 70 % , the proposed iwaqg model outperforms the “ only qg ” model on most metrics except rouge - l . when the training accuracy is above 90 % , the proposed iwaqg model outperforms the “ only qg ” model on most metrics except rouge - l . when the training accuracy is above 90 % , the proposed iwaqg model outperforms the “ only qg ” model on all the metrics except rouge - l . when the training accuracy is above 90 % , the proposed iwaqg model outperforms the “ only qg ” model on most metrics except bleu - 4 .
also shows the performance of the interrogative - word classifier used in zhao et al . as shown in the table , the performance of the interrogative - word classifier is critical for achieving good results in the qg module . using only the interrogative - word classifier ( ” only qg ” ) suffers from low recall of interrogative words , which demonstrates the effectiveness of using the interrogative - word classifier . using the iwaqg model ( ” iwaqg ” ) improves the recall of the interrogative words by a large margin , but still falls behind the upper bound of the recall of interrogative words .
, we perform an ablation study to analyze the contribution of each component of our interrogative - word classifier . as shown , combining our classifier with adversarial training ( ae ) or ner ( ner ) leads to a significant performance improvement , demonstrating the effectiveness of adversarial training . moreover , when combined with ner , our interrogative - word classifier achieves the state - of - the - art performance of 73 . 8 % .
observe that the who and when classes have the highest drop in performance , while the what and when classes have the highest performance . this is due to the fact that the who and when classes tend to ask more general questions , i . e . , they ask about the context of the question rather than directly asking the question itself . the who and when classes have the highest performance , followed by the what and when classes . the who and when classes have the lowest performance , followed by the what and when classes . the why and how classes have the highest performance , respectively .
and k are used to control the ratio of edges and nodes in the forest . we can see that as increases , both the number of edges and the number of nodes in the forest decrease . however , as k increases , the number of edges and the number of nodes also decrease . we can see that as increases , both the las and the connectivity also decrease . as k increases , the number of edges and the number of nodes also decrease . however , as increases , the connectivity also decreases .
also outperforms kbesteisnerps , the previous state - of - the - art model , which achieves a f1 score of 52 . 4 . we also find that edgewiseps outperforms kbesteisnerps , the previous state - of - the - art model , with a f1 score of 53 . 4 .
can see that our edgewiseps outperforms kbesteisnerps and deptree with a large margin . our model also beats the state - of - the - art textonly by a large margin , i . e . , 5 . 6 points f1 score .
can see that our model achieves the state - of - the - art performance with an f1 score of 85 . 3 % , outperforming the previous state - of - the - art models kbesteisnerps and edgewiseps
, we report the performance of cnn + hatt and pcnn + att under different training settings . it can be seen that cnn + hatt outperforms cnn + att consistently under different training settings . for instance , when training instances are 100 , 15 and 20 , cnn + hatt outperforms cnn + hatt by a large margin of 6 . 7 % in terms of hits @ 20 . similarly , katt outperforms att by a large margin of 7 . 2 % in terms of hits @ 20 .
results of ablation study are presented in tab . the results show that the hierarchical clustering layer , the gcns layer and the word2vec embeddings both contribute to the final performance . the results of ablation study show that the hierarchical clustering layer , the gcns layer and the word2vec embeddings all contribute to the final performance . the results of ablation study show that the hierarchical clustering layer , the gcns layer and the word2vec embeddings all contribute to the final performance . the results of ablation study show that the hierarchical clustering layer , the gcns layer and the word2vec embeddings all contribute to the final performance .
path2vec embeddings are the best performing embeddings on the three datasets , followed by transr , deepwalk , and fse . fse embeddings are the worst , followed by path2vec , transr , and node2vec . the best performing embeddings on the wordnet datasets were path2vec ( 93 . 5 ) , deepwalk ( 85 . 0 ) , and fse ( 90 . 0 ) . the correlations with human judgments are not as strong as on the other datasets .
compare the performance of our graph - based and vector - based measures w . r . t . their random sense counterparts . the differences between the graph - based and vector - based measures are statistically significant ( p - value 0 . 01 ) . the differences between the graph - based and vector - based measures are statistically significant ( p - value 0 . 01 for senseval - 2 , p - value 0 . 04 for senseval - 3 , and p - value 0 . 01 for semeval - 15 ) . the differences between the graph - based and vector - based measures are statistically significant ( student ’ s t - test ) .
compare the performance of varembed , polyglot embeddings , and fasttext embeddings with respect to their similarity scores on the rarewords dataset . the best results are from polyglot embeddings with a vocabulary size of 128 and a vocabulary size of 100k . the best results are from fasttext and polyglot embeddings with a vocabulary size of 300 and a vocabulary size of 300 . the best results are from polyglot embeddings with a vocabulary size of 128 and a vocabulary size of 100k .
can see that with oracle query - retrieval , our model significantly outperforms the seq2seq baseline in terms of bleu and mtr . especially , our model with oracle query - retrieval improves over the seq2seq baseline by 5 . 4 % in terms of bleu , and outperforms the seq2seq baseline by 7 . 8 % in terms of mtr .
, we compare character n - gram models with the state - of - the - art results reported in newciteromoffrowe : 2016 : acl - ijcnlp . we also compare to the state - of - the - art results reported in newciteromoffrowe : 2016 : acl - ijcnlp and compare against our own results from the 2016 shared task . we compare to the 2016 shared task results reported by newciteromoffrowe : 2016 : acl - ijcnlp and newciteromoffrowe : 2016 : acl - ijcnlp - ijcnlp - ijcnlp - ijcp - ijcnlp - ijcp - ijcp - ijcnlp - ijcp - ijcp - ijcp - ijcp - ijcp - ijcp - ijcp - ijcp - ijcp - ijcp - ijcnlp - ijcp - ijcnlp - ijcp - ijcnlp - ijcp - ijcnpr - ijcp - ijcp - ijcnpr - ijcp - ijcnpr - ijcnpr - ijcp - ijcnpr - ijcp - ijcnpr - ijcp - ijcnpr - ijcp - ijcnlp - ijcnlp - ijp - ijcnlp - ijp - ijcnlp - ijp - ijp - ijcnlp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp - ijp
, we compare character - level and pos - tagging baselines with and without the data used for pre - training . the character - level baseline outperforms the pos - tagging baseline by a large margin when ntrain = 5000 . the pos - tagging baseline also performs well when ntrain = 5000 , but struggles when ntrain = 5000 . we hypothesize that this is because the pos tagger is trained on character n - grams instead of word n - grams . the pos tagging baseline is competitive with the character n - gram models when ntrain = 5000 . however , when ntrain = 5000 , using either the char n - gram or the tag n - gram embeddings performs significantly better than the n - gram embeddings . when ntrain = 5000 , using either the char n - gram embeddings or the tag embeddings performs better than using the tag embeddings .
, we show the effect of character - level embeddings by comparing the performance with and without the character - level embeddings . the results show that character - level embeddings improve the performance in all languages , with the exception of persian , where the improvement is not as large as the other languages . this could be because the character - level embeddings are trained on a large amount of data , so they are not robust to out - of - vocabulary words . on the other hand , without character - level embeddings , the performance of the model degrades in some languages , such as persian and english , where the embeddings are not robust to out - of - vocabulary words .
across all models , accuracy and perplexity are very similar to each other except for script - based and linguistic - based models in the gardening scenario . in the gardening scenario , the linguistic - based model has the highest accuracy and the linguistic - based model has the lowest perplexity . in the gardening scenario , the linguistic - based model has the highest accuracy and the linguistic - based model has the lowest perplexity . in the gardening scenario , the linguistic - based model has the highest accuracy and the linguistic - based model has the lowest perplexity . in the gardening scenario , the linguistic - based model has the lowest accuracy and perplexity .
decoder outperforms the baseline and previous state - of - the - art results by a large margin , achieving a mrr of 83 . 73 and a p @ 1 of 88 . 24 compared to 81 . 08 and 65 . 45 for the standard decoder and a p @ 1 of 78 . 76 for our decoder .
n - gram predictors ( humans , linguistics , and base ) are all significantly different from each other ( p0 . 05 ) . the script - trained predictors are also significantly different from the base predictors . the script - trained predictors are also significantly different from the base predictors .
word2vec , glove , and d - embeddings embeddings do not show any behavior in the friendly downstream setting . however , d - embeddings , glove , and bert all show behavior in the friendly downstream setting , with glove outperforming d - embeddings in the downstream setting but not in the downstream setting . in the sp - 10k dataset , bert is outperformed by all other models in the nsubj , amod , and nsubj measures , while bert is outperformed by d - embeddings in the sp - 10k setting . in the keller dataset , bert is outperformed by glove , d - embeddings , and d - embeddings . in the sp - 10k dataset , bert is outperformed by all other models in the nsubj , amod , and nsubj measures .
first observation is that embeddings with dimensionality reduced ( d - embedding ) do not improve the performance compared to the original word2vec vectors . this can be explained by the fact that in the original corpus , the dimensionality of nouns and verbs is much smaller than the dimensionality of adjectives and adjectives , which is reflected in the low overall performance of the embeddings . the dimensionality of adjectives is also much smaller than the dimensionality of nouns and verbs in the corpus . the dimensionality of dobj is also much smaller than the dimensionality of nouns and verbs in the corpus , which is probably due to the fact that nouns and verbs are usually smaller than adjectives in the corpus . moreover , the dimensionality of dobj is much larger than the dimensionality of glove . hence , in the corpus , the dimensionality of dobj is much larger than the dimensionality of word2vec .
compared to language models , mwe achieves comparable performance with elmo and bert . however , bert is significantly larger in terms of embedding dimension and training time . mwe is trained on a single gpu , with a batch size of 128 and a learning rate of 0 . 0001 .
compared with alternating optimization , the proposed alternating training strategy achieves the best performance in terms of both spa and ws . it is worth noting that the ws only improves slightly when is set to 0 .
trained on 1m wat ja - en , we use a batch size of 4096 . the linearized derivation transformers outperform their bpe counterparts with a significant margin , 28 . 7 vs . 27 . 5 .
can be seen that both plain bpe and linearized derivation outperform the previous state - of - the - art morishita et al . ’ s model . we also observe that pos / bpe tokenization performs better than bpe tokenization for seq2seq and transformer .
use plain bpe or tree bpe for external representation and pos / bpe for internal representation . we see a significant improvement of 0 . 8 bleu with plain bpe and linearized derivation over the baseline model trained with plain bpe .
, we show the performance of different configurations on different language pairs . we can see that the basic configuration is the best performing one for most language pairs , with the exception of finnish and russian where the unk configuration performs slightly worse than the basic configuration . this could be due to the fact that finnish and russian have very different word order from the rest of the languages in the corpus . the unk configuration performs worse than the basic configuration on finnish and russian , but better than the basic configuration on english to finnish .
udpipe , yap , and rf perform better than the baseline on spmrl , but worse on wiki5k . udpipe performs better than yap on spmrl , but worse on wiki5k . rf performs better than yap on spmrl , but worse on wiki5k . dnn performs the best on wiki5k , but worse on spmrl .
final denotes the final state - of - the - art system in spmrl that is trained on the entire training set . it is interesting to note that some features ( e . g . , vowels and letters ) seem to contribute more to the final performance than others . for example , the lexicon features seem to contribute the most to spmrl than to wiki5k .
maximum perturbation space size . for the sst dataset , the maximum perturbation space size is 49 with a word substitution radius of 1 , while for the ag news dataset , the maximum perturbation space size is 21 , 116 with a character substitution radius of 2 , and the maximum perturbation space size is 1 , 436 , 026 with a character substitution radius of 3 . for the ag news dataset , the maximum perturbation space size is 21 , 116 with a word substitution radius of 2 , and the maximum perturbation space size is 260 , 282 with a character substitution radius of 3 . for the sst dataset , the maximum number of forward passes to evaluate is 1 , 436 , 026 with a word substitution radius of 2 , and the maximum perturbation space size is 1 , 436 , 026 with a character substitution radius of 3 .
can see that our proposed adversarial training improves the verifiable model ’ s adversarial accuracy by more than 3 percentage points ( absolute ) over the normal training , demonstrating the effectiveness of adversarial training in improving robustness to adversarial examples .
, all models perform better on anonymized data compared to the majority baseline . in particular , hier - bert outperforms bert and han in terms of f1 - score .
, we show results for the 500 clusters or number of states available for each language in the test set . brown tags outperforms a - hmm and e - kmeans in all cases . the e - hmm tagger is competitive with brown tags and outperforms a - hmm in all cases .
also performs better than cipher - avg . however , cipher - avg fails to outperform pl for most languages , presumably because it is trained on lower - resource languages and tries to learn a language - agnostic model instead of learning a language - specific model .
, we compare the performance of our combined cipher grounder ( cipher - avg ) to that of a supervised tagger ( as defined in the next section ) . as expected , our combined cipher grounder significantly outperforms the supervised tagger in all languages , with all cipher - avg scores significantly higher than that of the supervised tagger . in particular , our combined cipher grounder improves over the supervised tagger in all but one language .
sees that the cipher tagger significantly outperforms the gold tagsetter on both uas and las . the cipher tagger outperforms the gold tagsetter on both uas and las for all languages , except for italian where the cipher tagger outperforms the gold tagsetter . this is likely because italian is a morphologically rich language and the tagging problem is more severe with more complicated words .
muse - embeddings obtain the best results for all languages , with guo being the best for spanish , and muse being the best for portuguese . guo - embeddings obtains the best results for portuguese , while muse - embeddings obtains the best results for spanish , and muse is the best for spanish .
, we compare our models with the state - of - the - art systems presented in newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp and newcitebigru : 2015 : emnlp . we use the same hyperparameters used by newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp and newcitebigru - bert : 2015 : emnlp as they were used by newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp and newcitebigru - bert : 2015 : emnlp . newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp and newcitebigru - bert : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp and newcitebigru - bert : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp and newcitebigru - bert : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp and newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan : 2015 : emnlp newcitelwan :
across all languages and time periods , the number of tokens in the training set , development set , and test set was roughly proportional to the number of tokens in the entire corpus . for instance , the number of tokens in the en , hu , and is datasets was roughly proportional to the total number of tokens in the corpus . the exceptions to this rule were icelandic , where the number of tokens in the test set was approximately twice as large as that in the training set .
can see that our proposed method outperforms all the baselines in 6 out of 9 languages . for example , our method improves the accuracy from 30 . 63 to 44 . 36 for hindi , from 47 . 62 to 47 . 57 for english and from 55 . 59 to 58 . 59 for spanish . moreover , our method improves the accuracy from 30 . 63 to 44 . 36 for hindi , from 47 . 62 to 47 . 62 for english and from 58 . 59 to 58 . 59 for spanish . in general , we can see that our proposed method outperforms all the baselines in terms of accuracy . specifically , our proposed method improves the accuracy from 30 . 63 to 58 . 59 for hindi , from 47 . 62 to 58 . 59 for english and from 58 . 59 to 58 . 59 for spanish . for example , our proposed method improves the accuracy from 30 . 63 to 58 . 59 for spanish , from 47 . 62 to 58 . 59 for spanish , from 47 . 62 to 58 . 59 for spanish , from 58 . 59 to 58 . 59 for spanish . moreover , we can see that our proposed method improves the accuracy from 30 . 63 to 98 . 61 for hindi , from 40 . 62 to 98 . 71 for english and from 58 . 59 to 58 . 59 for spanish . for example , our proposed method improves the accuracy from 30 . 63 to 98 . 61 for spanish , from 40 . 62 to 98 . 61 for spanish and from 62 to 98 . 75 for spanish .
, we present the mean absolute error ( mae ) and spearman ’ s rank correlation coefficient ( spearman ’ s ) for each of the n - best systems in terms of case importance . we see that all n - best systems rank higher than the majority baseline , whereas bow - svr ranks lower than bigru - att , han and hier - bert .
, our approach outperforms all prior work by a large margin . our model also outperforms a type - unaware baseline that relies on a fixed - tree decoder , indicating that our approach can benefit from modeling type - aware dependencies instead of a fixed tree .
, we report performance for the following metrics : smatch , unlabeled entity mentions , without using word sense disambiguation ( wsd ) , and no mention - level entity aliasing ( no wsd ) . the results show that smatch and unlabeled entity mentions are the two most important metrics for evaluating entity aliasing performance . the second most important metric is unlabeled entity mentions . we believe that unlabeled entity mentions are more informative for entity aliasing than unlabeled entities .
, we can see that both the tsp - gen and jamr - gen baselines significantly outperform the other two baselines ( p0 . 05 , t - test , paired t - test , p0 . 05 ) . the only exception is that tsp - gen behaves worse than jamr - gen on test set , which might be due to the fact that tsp - gen and jamr - gen use a different encoder architecture . on the other hand , jamr - gen behaves better than tsp - gen , which might be due to the fact that jamr - gen uses a different encoder architecture .
decoding is done with a logistic regression classifier , which consists in predicting the identity of each token at the end of the sequence . the classifier is trained on the training set and tested on the development set . we use the same data augmentation as in devlin et al . to avoid overfitting , we use a dropout of 0 . 2 during training and a dropout of 0 . 3 during testing .
are divided into three parts : train , dev , and test . the distribution of labels in train , dev , and test is as follows : happy , angry , sad , and others . the distribution of labels in train , dev , and test is as follows : happy : 14 . 17 % , 18 . 26 % , 49 . 56 % , and 55 . 09 % , respectively . the distribution of labels in train , dev , and test is as follows : happy : 14 . 17 % , 18 . 26 % , 49 . 56 % , and 55 . 09 % , respectively . the distribution of labels in train , dev , and test is as follows : happy : 14 . 11 % , angry : 5 . 44 % , and sad : 5 . 45 % , and 85 . 70 % , respectively .
can see that our proposed hrlce achieves the best f1 scores on both development and test set . the best f1 scores on the test set of hrlce are 0 . 7666 and 0 . 7706 , respectively , which are about 2 % and 3 % higher than the best scores on the development and test sets of sl , sld , and bert respectively . the f1 scores on the test set of bert are 0 . 7151 and 0 . 8106 , which are about 2 % and 3 % higher than the best scores on the development and test sets , respectively . this demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed hrlce .
intrinsic evaluation results are listed in tab . our system outperforms the jamr - based system with a large margin , i . e . , it achieves a f1 - score of 95 . 2 % and an oracle ’ s smatch score of 94 . 7 % on the dev . dataset . this demonstrates the effectiveness of our system in intrinsic evaluation .
parsing with the pre - trained embeddings improves jamr parsing by 3 . 1 % and camr parser by 4 . 1 % , which shows the complementary advantages of our embedding space .
parser achieves a new state - of - the - art on newswire . adding our aligner to the baseline parser improves the results even further , achieving a new state - of - the - art of 74 . 7 % on newswire .
, we present our results on the task of pos tagging . our model achieves the best overall performance and is competitive with the state - of - the - art systems on seq , pos2 and pos3 .
glsaddall printglossary [ style = super , type = acronymtype , nonumberlist ] glsaddall printglossary [ type = acronymtype , nonumberlist ] glsaddall printglossary [ type = acronymtype , nonumberlist ] glsaddall printglossary [ type = acronymtype , non - symmetric ] , and glsaddall glsaddall [ type = acronymtype , nonumberlist ] glsaddall glsaddall glsaddall glsaddall . glsaddall printglosssaddall printglosssary [ type = acronym ] glsaddall printglosssaddall printglosssysaddall printglosssysaddall printglosssysaddall printglosssysaddall printglosssysaddall
is the percentage of tokens that are cut from the gold annotations . for each dataset , we report the mean and standard deviation of the percentage of tokens that are cut from the gold annotations . we also report the cut percentage , which is the percentage of tokens that are not cut from the gold annotations . the cut percentage is the percentage of tokens that are not cut from the gold annotations . we observe that the f - score for the biocreative ii dataset is lower than the other datasets , indicating that fewer entities are annotated incorrectly .
in ontonotes contains a large number of fine - grained text types . the majority of the fine - grained text types are spoken nouns and verbs , with a small number of phonemes and small amounts of text in the bible .
model performance is evaluated using the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve ( auroc ) , which is defined as the area under the roc curve as the ratio of the area under the roc curve to the area under the precision - recall curve . the auroc is defined as the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve ( auroc ) divided by the total area under the precision - recall curve . the auroc is defined as the area under the precision - recall curve divided by the total area under the curve . the auroc is defined as follows : auroc = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ii = 1ii = 1ii = 1i = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni = 1ni
text was divided into a training set ( 80 % ) , a validation set ( 20 % ) , and a test set ( 20 % ) . the test set was divided into a training set ( 50 % ) , a validation set ( 20 % ) , and a test set ( 20 % ) . the test set was divided into a training set ( 50 % ) , a validation set ( 20 % ) , and a test set ( 20 % ) . the agreement between the two annotators was calculated as the ratio of the number of times the two annotators disagreed , divided by the total number of annotations . the table also shows the percentage of translations , web , and bc . news that have at least two annotators , and the percentage of translations that have at least two annotators . the table also shows the percentage of translations that have at least two annotators , and the percentage of translations that have at least two annotators .
, ampere contains a total of 10 , 386 propositions , of which 1 , 911 are evaluated as questions , 3 , 786 as facts , and 339 as non - answers . the number of propositions per type in ampere is relatively small , compared to the size of the question dataset , which is approximately 2 / 3 the size of ampere .
, we see that the bilstm - crf outperforms the crf and the rst - parser in all evaluation metrics , and achieves new state - of - the - art results for the proposition segmentation task .
can see that the l - bilstm ( 2 ) - s model outperforms the baseline models on all datasets except for the uds - ih2 dataset , where the stanovsky et al . ( 2017 ) model is better than the l - bilstm ( 2 ) - s model . the l - bilstm ( 2 ) - s model performs better than the stanovsky et al . ( 2017 ) model on the mae metric , but worse than the l - bilstm ( 2 ) - s model on the r metric . the t - bilstm ( 2 ) - s model outperforms the stanovsky et al .
compares the f1 - score when using gold - standard segmentation , when using non - gold - standard segments , and when re - segmenting the test set . the f1 - score increases when re - segmenting the test set , but not when re - segmenting the training set . the f1 - score increases when re - segmenting the test set , but not when re - segmenting the training set .
use a two - layer bidirectional lstm encoder - decoder architecture , where both encoder and decoder layers have bidirectional lstm encoders , followed by a one - layer lstm decoder . we use beam size 5 for both encoder and decoder . the word embedding dimension is 300 , which is smaller than that of bidirectional lstm ( b - lstm ) . we use dropout srivastava et al .
report results on the wmt17 english - german ape benchmark bojar et al . we outperform the previous state - of - the - art system by a large margin , achieving a new state - of - the - art of 22 . 60 ter and 66 . 21 bleu . note that bérard et al .
interestingly , the window - based representations of “ is round ” and “ has various colors ” work better than the co - occurrence and matrix - based representations of “ is metal ” . this might be due to the fact that they are semantically similar and thus can be represented with the same vectors as “ is metal ” .
interestingly , the t - bilstm performs better than the l - bilstm on some relations such as conj , conj : relcl and acl : relcl . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the t - bilstm has a higher representation capacity than the l - bilstm and thus is able to better capture relations with larger contexts .
besides liwc , bing liu , afinn , mpqa , semeval15 and emolex , six lexicons were used to obtain external emotion knowledge . liwc contains 73 psycho - linguistic lexicons annotated by human annotators . bing liu is a large - scale corpus of psychological lexicons . liwc contains 18 , 504 psycho - linguistic lexicons annotated by human . emolex contains 14 , 182 annotations annotated by human annotators . liwc is a large - scale corpus of psychological lexicons .
gate and embedding concatenation perform the best on most of the datasets . on sent17 and irony18 , gate and embedding concatenation achieves the best results . on sst - 5 , the best results are achieved by gate + emb . conc . however , on sent17 and irony18 , the best results are achieved by affine and gate , respectively . on scv1 and scv2 , the best results are achieved by affine and gate .
sees that negative tense has the largest impact on the mae for visual modality , but positive tense has the largest impact on linear tense prediction . for visual modality , negative tense has the largest impact on the linear tense prediction but positive tense has the largest impact on the tree tense prediction . for acoustic modality , negative tense has the largest impact on the linear tense prediction but positive tense has the largest impact on the tree tense prediction .
, we computed the coefficient of determination ( r2 ) between each pair of global metrics and crowdsourced topic - word matching annotations . we see that sigvac and siguni yield very similar results . coherence performs slightly worse than sigvac and siguni on all three data sets .
interestingly , all of the automated metrics have a strong correlation with human judgments of topic quality . for example , on the amazon dataset , the coherence metric consistently outperforms siguni and sigvac on the local task , while the other metrics have a strong correlation with human judgments of topic quality on the global task . we hypothesize that this is because the coherence metric only measures topic coherence , while siguni and sigvac only measure topic diversity .
, k , and denote the relative improvements of kce with respect to the baselines . kce ( - ef ) is the kce variant without ef loss , and kce ( - kce + ef ) is the kce variant with ef loss , denoted as kce ( - ef + kce ) . we can see that the relative improvements of kce ( - ef ) over kce ( - kce ) are at least 12 % , if not more , than the relative improvements of kce ( - ef ) over the baselines .
interestingly , adding features based on either location ( i . e . , frequency ) or event ( i . e . , time ) performed better than using only location or event features . we hypothesize that this is because event - specific information about time intervals is more important than event - specific information about the location . moreover , adding features based on either location ( i . e . , frequency ) or time intervals ( i . e . , time intervals ) performed better than using only location or event features .
identified the most problematic attributes of uds - ih2 instances : is an auxiliary or light verb , is an imperative , is not an event or state , and has one or more run - ons . the most problematic attributes are : is an auxiliary or light verb an imperative , is an auxiliary or light verb , is an imperative , and is not an event or state . we attribute the high absolute prediction error to the fact that run - ons introduce additional grammatical errors to the sentence .
sees that the similarity between “ attack ” and “ kill ” is significantly higher than the similarity between “ attack ” and “ usa ” ( both are 0 . 9 ) . the similarity between “ attack ” and “ usa ” is also significantly higher than the similarity between “ attack ” and “ worst ” . the similarity between “ attack ” and “ usa ” is also significantly higher than the similarity between “ attack ” and “ worst ” .
observe that bert ( large ) has a higher percentage of unique n - grams within its own training data as well as across the tbc corpus . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that bert is trained to perform multiple back - translations at each time step , whereas bert ( small ) is trained to perform a single back - translation at each time step . we observe that bert ( large ) outperforms bert ( small ) in terms of both self - bleu and n - gram diversity .
interestingly , the bert ( base ) outperforms the bert ( large ) in terms of corpus - bleu on the tbc dataset . this suggests that bert is making reasonable inferences on the large dataset . gpt is also able to outperform bert on the smaller wt103 dataset . however , the difference in perplexity between the bert ( base ) and bert ( large ) models is not very large .
compare the performance of our model with state - of - the - art methods on both wikipedia and commoncrawl datasets . ratinov et al . hoffart et al . ratinov et al . our model outperforms all these methods by a large margin and achieves an accuracy of 77 . 96 % on the aida - b dataset , which is a state - of - the - art entity linking system on the aida - b dataset .
observe that our model performs well both when it is weakly - supervised and when it is fully - supervised , both on wikipedia and on aida conll . the performance gap between our weakly - supervised and fully - supervised models is smaller on aida conll than on msnbc .
ablation study is conducted on the development set of aida conll . the results show that each of the three components , i . e . , the local embedding , the attention mechanism , and the disambiguation model , contribute to the overall performance .
, we classify ner entities into four types : location ( loc ) , misc ( misc ) , org ( per ) , and person ( per ) . the results show that our model performs better than the fully - supervised learning baseline for all four ner types .
can see that the gcn - based and att - based models outperform the baseline en model in all cases . the attention - based model performs better than the gcn - based and the att - based models in the discontinuous case . however , the h - combined model performs worse than the h - based model in the all cases . this is because the h - combined model tends to overfit on the discontinuous data . the gcn - based and att - based models perform worse than the baseline for the mwe - based cases . the att - based model performs better than the gcn - based and att - based models in the all cases . however , the h - combined model performs better than the att - based and gcn - based models in the discontinuous case . the reason for this is that the h - combined model tends to overfit on the discontinuous data . therefore , the att - based and gcn - based models perform worse than the att - based and gcn - based models in the all cases . the gcn - based and att - based models perform worse than the gcn - based and att - based models in the all cases . this is because the gcn - based and att - based models overfit on the discontinuous data , while the att - based and gcn - based models overfit on the discontinuous data . the reason is that the att - based and gcn - based models overfit on the discontinuous data , while the gcn - based and att - based models overfit on the continuous data . the gcn - based and att - based models overfit on the continuous data , while the h - combined model overfits on the discontinuous data .
adding the lexical features improves accuracy for all of the verbs in uds - ih2 - dev , except for “ try to ” and “ want to ” , for which there is no improvement .
can see that the h - combined model outperforms the baseline in most cases , which is consistent with the findings in the previous section . the gcn - based model outperforms the baseline in the english and french discontinuous languages , while the performance of the atilf - llf model drops in the english and french discontinuous languages , which is consistent with the findings in the previous section . the h - combined model also performs better than the atilf - llf and shoma models in the english and french discontinuous languages , but falls short of the performance of the baseline in the french and french discontinuous languages , which are less frequent in the english and french discontinuous languages .
, we show baselines scores from previous works that are used in our experiments . our results show that pretrnet outperforms all baselines across all tasks , demonstrating that pretraining can help models generalize to unseen tasks .
we show results for elmo with intermediate task training , and single - task results for each of the nlp tasks . we find that elmo outperforms its single - task counterpart for all of the nlp datasets with intermediate task training , and outperforms its single - task counterpart for rte and wnli with intermediate task training .
, we show the results of a model trained on each task individually . we see that , across all tasks , there is a clear pattern of model performance decreasing as the tasks become more challenging . for example , on sst , the average performance decreases from 0 . 86 ( cola ) to 0 . 60 ( sst ) , indicating that models are struggling to learn task - specific representations . on the other hand , there is a clear pattern of model performance decreasing across all tasks , indicating that models struggle to learn task - specific representations .
ne - tags of numbers in wikipedia . the most frequent ne - tag is number , followed by date , time , duration , set ( temporal ) . the next most frequent ne - tag is relation cardinality , which occurs with 18 . 86 % of words . the least frequent ne - tags are person , location , organization , and ordinal , which occur with 2 . 9 % and 0 . 26 % of words respectively .
, only - nummod outperforms vanilla , and the difference is statistically significant ( p . 015 , two - tailed wilcoxon signed - rank test , two - sample t - test , p . 05 ) .
int and out - of - vocabulary cases . we can see that word2vec and lstm embeddings perform similarly in out - of - vocabulary cases , but word2vec outperforms lstm in out - of - vocabulary cases . interestingly , the lstm embeddings perform slightly better than word2vec in out - of - vocabulary cases , but worse in out - of - vocabulary cases . this may be due to the fact that lstm is able to capture longer context , but word2vec does not .
observe that cnn outperforms lstm in oov by a large margin , indicating that lstm is better at predicting morphological features than cnn . interestingly , lstm also outperforms cnn in iv , indicating that lstm is better at predicting the morphological features than cnn .
interestingly , the combination of russian and ukrainian data performs best , followed by the combination of belarusian and ukrainian data . the combination of belarusian , ukrainian and russian data performs worst , followed by the combination of belarusian and ukrainian data .
, we report bleu and exact - match scores for the datasets that were not seen during training . as can be seen , neural mrs ( silver ) outperforms the state - of - the - art erg - based transducer ye et al . the bleu difference between neural mrs ( gold ) and neural mrs ( silver ) is statistically significant at p0 . 05 using bootstrap resampling . we also report coverage % , the percentage of tokens for which the neural mrs model covers a majority of the tokens in the test set .
use cross - entropy loss to train the models . the learning rate lr is 0 . 015 with a decay rate of 0 . 05 . the character embeddings and lattice embeddings are both set to 50 . the character embeddings and lattice embeddings are set to 50 .
, we compare our auto - segmentation model with the word and character based baselines as well as the results obtained by adding segmentation on top of the word embeddings . the char lstm and char + bichar lstm outperform the word and character based baselines by a large margin , e . g . , + char lstm ′ outperforms + char lstm ′ by a large margin , e . g . , + char + bichar cnn outperforms + softword lstm ′ by a large margin , e . g . , + char + bichar cnn outperforms + softword lstm ′ by about 1 . 5 % in terms of f1 score .
compared with yang et al . shortciteyang2016 , our auto - segmentation model ( + char + bichar lstm ) achieved the best f1 score of 78 . 62 % . compared with yang et al . shortciteyang2016 , our auto - segmentation model ( + char + bichar lstm ) achieved the best f1 score of 75 . 77 % .
can see that our best model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art systems by a large margin , i . e . , by more than 0 . 5 % absolute improvement in f1 score over the word baseline model .
can see that both character - level and character - level lstms outperform the word - level baseline , and the lattice model achieves the best f1 score , 94 . 46 .
observed that the monolingual system performs worse than the bpe - based system in this language pair . the bpe - based system performs better than the monolingual system , but worse than the cognate morphessor system . the best result for english – estonian is achieved by the ensemble of 5 models , which outperforms the monolingual system by 1 . 6 bleu points , and the best result for english – estonian is obtained by the ensemble of 3 models , which outperforms the bpe - based system by 1 . 6 bleu points . the best result for english – estonian is obtained by the ensemble of 3 models , which outperforms the best ensemble of 5 .
, we compare our models with sestorain et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . as can be seen , our models outperform the methods of sestorain et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . as can be seen , our models outperform the methods of pbsmt and nmt - 0 as well as the supervised ( avg . ) model of sestorain et al . et al . as can be seen , our models outperform the methods of sestorain et al .
ablation study shows that some semantic features are essential for a model to perform well . we observe a significant drop in bleu score when training the model on the gold data only . we attribute this to the fact that gold data contains many semantic features that are not present in the gold data , such as tense and number .
, we present the results of sestorain et al . et al . et al . et al . as can be seen , our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art systems by a large margin , e . g . , enes by + 4 . 53 bleu points and enfr by + 4 . 53 bleu points . moreover , our pivot model outperforms the nmt - 0 model by a large margin , e . g . , enfr by + 4 . 53 bleu points and enru by + 0 . 75 bleu points .
, we report results on the test sets for ende and deen . for soft and distill , we use the same encoder and decoder architectures as in soft and distill , except that we use a smaller model for ende and a smaller model for deen . we report the average and standard deviation of the bleu score on the development sets for each language pair . our pivot model outperforms previous work on all language pairs and the average bleu score is better than the soft and distillation models .
, both pivoting and agreeing on translations outperform the previous state - of - the - art systems by large margins , i . e . + 2 . 76 bleu on average and + 2 . 68 bleu on the zero - shot setting . the results on the supervised and zero - shot settings follow similar trends , with a bleu score of 24 . 10 on the average and 19 . 00 on the zero - shot setting respectively .
can see that the supervised model outperforms the zero - shot model by a large margin , i . e . , by more than 9 bleu points . on the iwslt17 ? dataset , our proposed model performs on - par with the state - of - the - art zero - shot model , i . e . , by a large margin .
, we can see that the proposed method significantly improves the translation quality across all language pairs , e . g . , by more than 10 bleu points for english - french , more than 10 bleu points for english - german and more than 10 bleu points for english - russo . the proposed method outperforms the baseline by more than 10 bleu points , e . g . , by more than 10 bleu points for english - french , and by more than 10 bleu points for german - english and russian - english , respectively .
, our model outperforms the contextual baseline in all cases , except for english - french where it is not statistically significantly better . our model also outperforms the contextual baseline on subtitles english - russian .
, we present the results for the en - de bilingual test set . the baseline model has the score of 24 . 74 for en - de and 24 . 74 for english . the current turn , language from previous turns , and other language from previous turns are the three types of contexts we use . the complete context performs the best , achieving a bleu score of 26 . 49 . note that the baseline model has the score of 24 . 74 for en - de and 24 . 74 for english .
compare the performance of the proposed utdsm method with state - of - the - art multi - modal representation learning methods . for the 300 - dimensional embedding , the utdsm random setting achieves 69 . 6 % and the utdsm with the same embedding set achieves 69 . 6 % . for the 200 - dimensional embedding , the utdsm random setting achieves 69 . 6 % and the utdsm with the same embedding set achieves 69 . 6 % . for the 200 - dimensional embedding , the utdsm with two embedding sets achieves 69 . 6 % and 68 . 3 % for the 300 - dimensional embedding and the 200 - dimensional embeddings , respectively .
experimented with training on the full wsj corpus and testing on gigaword . for each test domain , we trained a separate encoder for the gigaword corpus and a separate decoder for the wsj corpus . for the decoder , we used the same encoder for the wsj and brown corpora and used the same decoder for the gigaword corpus . for the decoder , we used the same encoder for the wsj and brown corpora corpora and the same decoder for the gigaword corpus . the decoder was trained on the combined wsj and brown corpora , and then tested on the combined gigaword and wsj corpora . the decoder was trained on the combined wsj and brown corpora , and the decoder was trained on the combined gigaword and wsj corpora .
can see that the proposed avgcd method achieves the best performance in terms of precision , recall , and f1 - score . specifically , avgcd outperforms maxcd , global - dsm , and lda by a large margin in terms of both accuracy and f1 - score . compared with maxcd and global - dsm , avgcd achieves a better performance in terms of accuracy and f1 - score .
can see that the proposed avgd and avgcd methods outperform the global - dsm method with a large margin in terms of all the evaluation metrics . moreover , avgcd performs better than avgd in terms of precision , while avgd performs better than avgcd in terms of recall and f1 - score .
lof achieves the best performance on both snips and atis datasets when 25 % , 50 % and 75 % of classes are treated as known intents , respectively . compared with msp , doc and lof , lof ( lmcl ) achieves higher macro f1 - score of unknown intent detection . the results indicate that lof is more effective for unknown intent detection when more classes are treated as known intents .
, al with its truncated average , tracking time - indexed lag ali = gii1 achieves a score of 4 in this wait - 3 system . however , when ali = gii1 is used , its truncated average , tracking time - indexed lag ali = gii1 becomes 2 for this wait - 3 system . this illustrates the effectiveness of al with its truncated average , tracking time - indexed lag .
train on the amr training set and evaluate on the amr test set . the dmrs model with all attributes performs much better than the amr model , achieving a bleu score of 75 . 8 on the gold + silver test set , compared to 75 . 8 on the amr test set . this indicates that the dmrs model is able to make use of the training data .
sees that the simple model performs the best on the simple , medium and complex subsets of multinli , while the complex model underperforms on the simple , medium and complex subsets . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the simple and medium complex subsets contain the most complex subsets of multinli , which makes them easier to model . on the other hand , on the complex subsets , the simple model performs the worst , which may be due to the fact that the simple and medium complex subsets contain too many ungrams .
compares the different architectures using bleu papineni et al . memory - to - context refers to the architecture that stores translation history in the decoder . the decoder uses the decoder to store translation history in the decoder . the decoder uses the decoder to store translation history in the decoder . the decoder uses the decoder to store translation history in the decoder . the decoder uses the decoder to store translation history in the decoder . the decoder uses a decoder that stores a translation history in the decoder . the decoder uses a decoder that stores a translation history in the decoder . the decoder uses a decoder that stores a translation history in the decoder . the decoder uses a decoder that stores a translation history in the decoder . the decoder uses a decoder that stores a translation history in the decoder . the decoder uses a decoder that stores a translation history in the decoder .
interestingly , we find that the majority baseline performs poorly on this task , indicating that this task is difficult for both models to generalize . we also find that the length baseline performs poorly , indicating that this task is difficult for both models . we hypothesize that this is because the length model is trained on a much smaller corpus compared to the other tasks we are trying to solve , which makes it easier for the models to generalize .
c [ 0 ] denotes the weighted sum of the embeddings of all the examples in the training corpus . similarly , c [ 1 ] denotes the weighted sum of the embeddings of all the examples in the test corpus . we can see that the avg baseline performs the worst across all the tasks . the max baseline performs the best across all the tasks . the max baseline is close to the avg baseline on cr sentiment analysis and the avg baseline is close to the max baseline on mrpc and mrpc . the max baseline performs slightly better than the avg baseline on cr sentiment analysis and is close to the max baseline on snli and mrpc .
, we report precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) , and f1 scores on the three datasets . on the 20 - ng , r - 8 , and sst - 5 datasets , we report precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) , and f1 scores . on sst - 5 , we report precision ( r ) , recall ( r ) , and f1 . on 20 - ng , r - 8 , and sst - 5 , we report precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) , and f1 .
interestingly , the 10 - best batch asr output has a higher coverage than the 1 - best batch asr output , even though the 10 - best has a higher coverage than the 1 - best . we hypothesize that this is because the 10 - best batch asr output has a higher coverage than the 1 - best batch asr output . the pruned cnet has a higher coverage than both the 1 - best and the 10 - best batch asr output .
, we observe that weighted pooling outperforms average pooling in all cases , and that the performance of weighted pooling is close to that of average pooling when no pruning is applied . this indicates that weighted pooling is more robust to overfitting than average pooling , and that the proposed pruning strategy can help it avoid overfitting .
dstc2 test set accuracy is reported for the 1 - best asr outputs of ten runs with different random seeds , in the format average maximumminimum . the baseline trained on batch asr is 66 . 6 % when trained on transcripts and tested on live asr . the baseline trained on live asr is 66 . 8 % when trained on transcripts and tested on live asr . the baseline trained on batch asr is 66 . 6 % when trained on transcripts and tested on live asr . the baseline trained on live asr is 66 . 8 % when tested on transcripts and tested on transcripts , but the baseline trained on transcripts and tested on live asr is 66 . 8 % when tested on transcripts and tested on transcripts . the baseline trained on transcripts and tested on live asr is 66 . 8 % when tested on transcripts and tested on transcripts , but 66 . 8 % when tested on transcripts and tested on live asr . the baseline trained on transcripts and tested on live asr is 66 . 8 % when tested on transcripts and tested on live asr . the baseline trained on transcripts and tested on live asr is 66 . 8 % when tested on transcripts and tested on transcripts . the baseline trained on live asr is 66 . 8 % when tested on transcripts and tested on transcripts . the baseline trained on live asr is 66 . 8 % when tested on transcripts and tested on transcripts . the baseline trained on live asr is 66 . 8 % when tested on transcripts and tested on the dstc2 test set .
splits result in a total of 31 , 545 sentences ( previously known as ‘ none ’ ) . the remaining sentences ( previously known as ‘ obligation ’ , ‘ prohibition list ’ , etc . ) are split into three categories : intro , occupation , and prohibition list . for example , the ‘ intro ’ sentence ( ‘ importance list ’ ) consists of the following sentences : ‘ importance list item ’ consists of the following sentences : ‘ importation list item ’ consists of the following sentences : ‘ importance list item ’ consists of the following sentences : ‘ importation list item ’ consists of the following sentences : ‘ importation list item ’ consists of the following sentences : ‘ importation list ’ , ‘ exportation list ’ , ‘ importation list ’ , ‘ importation list ’ , ‘ importation list ’ , ‘ importation list ’ , ‘ importance list ’ , ‘ importance list ’ , ‘ importance list ’ , ‘ importance list ’ , ‘ importance list ’ , ‘ important list ’ , ‘ importance list ’ , ‘ importance list ’ , ‘ importance list ’ .
, we report the number of tokens used to train the models and the average number of tokens used to evaluate the models . we report the number of tokens used to train the models and the average number of tokens used to evaluate the models . we also report the number of sentences used for evaluating the models during the development phase .
can be seen as a quantitative assessment of the performance of the proposed models in terms of precision , recall , and auc . specifically , x - bilstm - att achieves an f1 score of 0 . 98 , an auc of 0 . 93 , and an f1 score of 0 . 98 for the two gold classes . similarly , x - bilstm - att achieves an f1 score of 0 . 98 , an auc of 0 . 93 for the two gold classes , and an f1 score of 0 . 98 for the h - bilstm class .
, we compared the performance of model # 2 with that of model # 1 on the jaja and enru test sets . the bleu score is a widely - adopted index for machine translation , currently the most widely used metric in parallel and pseudo - parallel nmt tasks wang et al . , birnn bidirectional recurrent neural network bp brevity penalty bpe byte pair encoding cnn convolutional neural network iwslt international workshop on spoken language translation lanidenn language identification by neural networks lm language model lstm long short - term memory cells mt machine translation nlp natural language processing nmt neural machine translation nn neural network pbmt phrase - based machine translation pos part - of - speech oov out - of - vocabulary rnn recurrent neural network smt statistical machine translation t2t tensor2tensor wat workshop on asian translation wmt workshop on statistical machine translation
note that proto - adv with cnn outperforms proto ( cnn ) by a large margin on both 5 - shot and 1 - shot tasks . on 5 - shot tasks , proto - adv with cnn outperforms proto ( cnn ) by a large margin . on 5 - shot tasks , proto - adv with bert outperforms proto ( cnn ) by a large margin . we note that proto - adv with bert outperforms proto ( cnn ) by a large margin on both 1 - shot and 5 - shot tasks .
note that our results for bert - pair are slightly lower than those of protobert in the non - negligible test set . we hypothesize that this is due to the nature of bert - pair , which does not perform task - agnostic post - processing as bert and is trained on a similar corpus as ours .
can see that our model achieves the best performance on all three datasets . specifically , our method achieves the best results on accuracy , macro - f1 , and mi - f1 metrics on the three datasets , and the best results on the two datasets respectively in terms of accuracy , macro - f1 and mi - f1 . specifically , our method outperforms the state - of - the - art type - based models , i . e . , figer , hyena , afet - noco , and afet - coh , by a large margin , i . e . , over 9 % , 2 % , and 3 % in terms of accuracy , macro - f1 , and mi - f1 , respectively . specifically , our method achieves the best results in terms of all three types , i . e . , accuracy , macro - f1 and mi - f1 , respectively .
afet outperforms our baseline with a f - measure of 0 . 858 , compared to 0 . 774 for our baseline and 0 . 858 for afet - trained model . this shows that the performance of afet - trained model is not negatively affected by the reduction in the number of entity types , but rather by the reduction in the number of entity types .
interestingly , the neural networks outperform cosine similarity , while f1 - neigh and f1 - lr perform equally well . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that f1 - net learns weights in a hierarchical way , while f1 - neigh learns weights in a hierarchical way .
h - bilstm - att is the most accurate , but also the slowest , of the three models . the x - bilstm - att and h - bilstm - att are more accurate than the bilstm and are more accurate than the x - bilstm - att . the h - bilstm - att is the most accurate but also the slowest of the three models . the x - bilstm - att and h - bilstm - att are more accurate than the x - bilstm and h - bilstm - att models , but are more accurate than the x - bilstm and h - bilstm - att models .
av - cos , neighbors , and local root mean squared error ( lr ) are used to classify the property . we see that neighborhood based approach outperforms average cosine similarity . we also see that local root mean squared error is better than av - cos for some properties such as full_is_yellow and full_is_red .
, c , sg , w , w + c , sg + sm , w + sv , and w + sv + sv denote the weighted versions of the word embeddings obtained by using the weighted versions of the word embeddings as input . the results show that the weighted versions of the word embeddings perform better than their unweighted counterparts on most of the datasets except simverb3500 .
, we show the classification accuracies of different models on the snli test set . we also show the accuracies of different models on the semantic textual similarity datasets ( sts16 and stsb ) we observe that sts16 and stsb achieve the highest scores on the snli test set and the highest accuracies on the semantic textual similarity datasets ( sts16 and stsb ) overall , we observe that sts16 and stsb are the two best models on the snli test set .
interestingly , the neural network outperforms the rule - based system for female pronouns and the stat - based system for male pronouns . this is likely because the neural network makes more accurate predictions when the answer to a question is a statistic ( as is the case for gender statistics ) .
dmn + is a sequence - to - sequence model that combines a sequence - to - sequence model with a generation model . our model outperforms this baseline with a large margin in terms of all the automatic evaluation metrics . compared to the facts - to - seq w . attention baseline , our model has a larger margin in terms of the automatic evaluation metrics . this indicates that our model can generate more informative and grammatical facts .
, both advcls and advdat significantly ( p0 . 01 ) outperform the non - adversarial baseline on the validation set , and on the hard test set , with advdat slightly outperforming advcls .
advcls ( 0 . 4 , 1 ) and advdat ( 0 . 4 , 1 ) are able to improve upon the baseline score for all words except “ nobody ” . advdat ( 0 . 4 , 1 ) decreases the score for every word except “ sleep ” which decreases the score for advcls ( 1 , 1 ) by 14 . 29 percentage points and advdat ( 1 , 1 ) decreases the score for a word by 66 . 67 percentage points . advdat ( 1 , 1 ) is able to decrease the score for all words except “ driving ” which decreases the score for “ sleep ” .
, we report results for a variant of our model that does not use character - level representations ( skip - gram ) . we see that while the performance of the skip - gram model is comparable to that of the srilm , it significantly underperforms the character - level srilm . this suggests that character - level representations do capture useful information about the syntax of the input sentences .
gnbusiness is a new dataset that contains a large number of unlabeled documents and news clusters , and it is the only dataset that does not contain unlabeled documents . the dataset consists of 12 , 985 documents and 680 news clusters , and it is the only dataset that does not contain unlabeled documents . gnbusiness is a new dataset that contains a large number of unlabeled documents and news clusters , and it is the only dataset that does not contain unlabeled documents or news clusters . we compare our results with existing datasets .
also needs to be tuned on the development set . as we can see , without mass preservation , = 0 degrades both bleu and dialect alignment score . however , with mass preservation , = 0 . 1 , we can still maintain a bleu score improvement over the unpreserved model .
report the precision , recall and f1 scores of all the methods . in particular , odee - fer achieves the best performance in terms of f1 score . specifically , the f1 score of odee - fer is 1 . 5 % higher than that of dblp : conf / acl / nguyentfb15 , which means that odee has a better capability of identifying the entity - entity pairs than other methods .
odee - fer significantly outperforms dblp : conf / acl / nguyentfb15 in terms of the averaged slot coherence . compared with dblp : conf / acl / nguyentfb15 , odee - fer achieves better slot coherence by a large margin ( p0 . 05 ) .
ed ( 1 ) and ed ( 2 ) outperform the seq2seq model by a large margin on all the metrics . ed ( 1 ) and ed ( 2 ) outperform the seq2seq model by a large margin on the ence metric . the lstm - lm model does not perform well on the meteor and rouge - l metrics . this is because the lstm - lm is not designed to capture long - term dependencies . the seq2seq model tends to generate short , generic , generic , and generic responses . the lstm - lm model tends to generate short , generic , and generic responses . the ed ( 1 ) and ed ( 2 ) outperform the seq2seq model by a large margin on both the meteor and rouge - l metrics .
check was done for all n - grams in the test abstracts , whether they appeared in the training data or not . the results show that humans are more likely to copy words / adverbs from the training data than systems are to copy from the training data . however , systems are more likely to copy words / adverbs from the training data than humans are to copy from the training data .
further investigates the sensitivity of meteor and rouge - l to the number of iterations , n , where n is the number of reference summaries in the training set . the results show that meteor is more sensitive to the number of iterations than rouge - l to the decrease in the bleu score .
test set was split into training and test sets of varying lengths . the non - expert and expert - level non - experts had the same number of choices per test . the turing test passing rates were calculated by dividing the total number of test choices by the total number of test choices . the non - expert and expert - level non - experts had the same number of choices if the test set had the same number of titles . the experts had the same number of choices if the test set had different titles . the experts had the same number of choices as the non - experts . the expert - level nlp experts had the same number of choices as the non - experts . the expert - level nlp experts had the same number of choices as the non - experts .
, we show the performance of our models with different input representations ( i . e . , s , p , and i ) . the results show that our models outperform the baselines ( i . e . , s + p , s + p , and s + i ) by a large margin . we also compare the performance of our models with a single reference ( i . e . , random ) . the random baseline achieves an mae of 1 . 880 . this is a large gap compared to the performance of the corresponding models ( i . e . , s , s + p , s + i , s + p , and s + i + i ) . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the acoustic and visual representations capture different aspects of the image , and are thus complementary to each other . for example , the acoustic model ( s + p , s + i ) outperforms the vocal - based model ( s + p , s + p , s + i + i ) in terms of the mae , suggesting that the acoustic and visual representations capture different aspects of the image , and are thus complementary to each other .
, we compare the performance of our systems against a baseline system that randomly generates responses ( randomly chosen from a set ) and a baseline that always predicts the same response as the human response . we see that our systems ( s , p , s + p , s + i ) consistently outperform the random baseline in terms of both mae and cc . among the systems , s has the best mae , followed by s + p , which has the second best mae , and s + i has the third best mae . among the systems , the ef system has the best performance in terms of cc , followed by tfn , lf , and hf , and the tfn system in terms of mae .
biobert achieves an accuracy of 82 . 15 % on the mednli development set and 79 . 04 % on the test set when it is trained on the combination of pmc and pubmed datasets .
can see that rcn performs better than bilstm , deat , and bimpm on all topics except la , for which rcn significantly outperforms dempm .
lstm + gated cnn + feed - forward obtained an accuracy of 0 . 524 on the test set . similarly , lstm + gated cnn + feed - forward obtained an accuracy of 0 . 524 on the test set . using bert features , we got an accuracy of 0 . 639 .
see that the left position has a similar effect to right position for both word embeddings and analogies , whereas the right position has a different effect for both word embeddings and analogies . the left position has a similar effect to right position for both word embeddings , however the left position has a different effect for the analogies task . the right position has a different effect for both word embeddings as it has a different effect for the analogies task .
use of cross - sentential context improves performance for all models on both datasets , with an average increase of 0 . 01 and 0 . 06 on simlex999 and analogies respectively . cross - sentential context is useful for both os and gw .
, we observe that with stop words being removed both the performance of the models on simlex999 and the analogies dataset drops significantly . however , with stop words being removed both the performance of the models on simlex999 and the analogies dataset drops significantly . this shows that removing stop words from words has a positive effect on the performance of both models .
mean pooling is the best performing method in terms of matched validation accuracy , followed by last and max pooling . the mean pooling method has the lowest mean validation accuracy , followed by sum and last pooling . the difference between mean and last pooling is small in comparison to max and sum pooling , but significant in the presence or absence of character embeddings . the difference between max and mean pooling is larger in the presence or absence of character embeddings , but small in the presence or absence of character embeddings .
report the overall accuracy of each model , which is the harmonic mean of precision and recall . the inner attention model outperforms both esim and cbow across almost all genres , but performs worse on some genres , e . g . , “ fiction ” , “ slate ” , “ telephone ” , and “ oup ” .
, we show that fine - tuning pre - trained models on unlabeled data improves performance in most cases , but models fine - tuned on unlabeled data still outperform the models pre - trained on unlabeled data . we also show that models fine - tuned on unlabeled data still outperform those fine - tuned on pre - trained models .
compare our single - model results with some recent points in the literature , e . g . , chen2018 , wu2016 , and lee2017 . our single - model results with character - based encoders outperform those with bpe and translation - based encoders , e . g . , the reference system ( ref ) of wu2016 .
, we compare character - level and bpe - tokenized translation for the en - fr , csen , deen , and fien datasets . the table shows that character - level models are on par with bpe - tokenized models for all languages except fien . however , the character - level models are outperformed by the bpe - to - character model for all languages except fien . we hypothesize that this is because the fien dataset is too small for bpe - to - character model to achieve good translation quality using character - level models .
, we find that bpe error types are more similar to typological errors than lexical choices . for example , “ compounds ” and “ other lexical ” errors are similar , but errors due to morphological changes are much more common . proper names and other lexical errors are the least common errors , but errors due to dropped content are the least common . we hypothesize that these errors are mostly due to bpe mismatches , as bpe parsers tend to overly rely on word boundaries when making grammatical decisions .
can see that our hierarchical models with pooling achieve comparable bleu scores to the state - of - the - art bilstm reimplementations of lee et . al . however , our models outperform these reimplementations even with a much larger bpe vocabulary ( 2k ) .
using bert embeddings , our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art methods zubiaga et al . the bert + wiki + pu model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art methods zubiaga et al . the bert + wiki + pu model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models zubiaga et al . the bert + wiki + pu model outperforms the bert + wiki + pu model . the bert + wiki + pu model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models zubiaga et al .
first we evaluate the performance of bert on predicting the contents of political speeches . bert embeddings perform the best , followed by bert + wiki + pu and bert + puc . bert + wiki + pu outperforms the previous state - of - the - art by a large margin . hansen et al . finally , the best performance is obtained by bert + wiki + puc , followed by bert + wiki + pu .
, we perform a small - scale relabelling experiment , where we select the top 100 predictions from the puc model . we compare the results of the relabelling with the original labels and find that most of the time , the relabelling results do not change much in terms of f1 score , with the exception of politics , where the relabelling result slightly degrades f1 score .
stack overflow stack overflow is a dataset of conversations between users on a range of topics covering a wide range of topics . sentistrength , nltk , and standford corenlp were trained on stack overflow without any additional data . the sentiment analysis tools , such as sentistrength , nltk , and standford corenlp , were trained on the original stack overflow dataset . nltk has the highest precision and recall on the stack overflow dataset for the positive and negative classes , but lower precision and recall on the stack overflow dataset for the positive and negative classes . it has the lowest precision and recall on the stack overflow dataset for the positive and negative classes , but the highest f1 on the negative class .
using the cosine similarity or the weighted averaging yields the best results on all three datasets ( rg , wordsim and wordsim averaging ) . on rg and mc , 10rv outperforms cosine with a significant margin ( p 0 . 01 ) , and on semeval17 , 10rv outperforms cosine with a significant margin ( p 0 . 01 ) . on semeval17 , 10rv outperforms cosine with a significant margin ( p 0 . 01 ) , and on mc with a weighted averaging ( p 0 . 01 ) .
can see that our bridging rnn outperforms the baselines by a large margin , i . e . , + 2 . 76 bleu score on average , which proves the effectiveness of our bridging rnn . moreover , we can see that our approach is more effective than rnnsearch with bridging source and target bridging target .
direct bridging model achieves the state - of - the - art result on the wmt english - german translation task ( p0 . 05 ) but suffers from significant overfitting ( significantly worse than the vanilla transformer model , p0 . 05 ) . shared - private transformer outperforms the other models in terms of both redundancy and accuracy , and achieves the best bleu score on the wmt english - german translation task .
, we observe that our shared - private encoder - decoder model significantly outperforms the vanilla encoder - decoder for all language pairs , and achieves the best bleu scores on the iwslt development sets ko en and zh en . compared to the results on the wmt ar , ja , ko en datasets , our shared - private encoder - decoder model improves the bleu scores by more than 2 bleu points on ar en , ja en and by more than 2 bleu points on ko en . the improvement over the vanilla encoder - decoder model is statistically significant ( p0 . 01 ) .
decoder - only baseline ( decoder - wt ) , we can observe that our approach is more efficient than the decoder - only baseline in terms of the number of parameters and the number of parameters in the encoder - decoder pipeline . for the decoder - only baseline , we can see that our approach is more efficient than the decoder - wt in terms of the number of parameters and the number of parameters in the encoder - decoder pipeline . for the decoder - only baseline , we can see that our approach is more efficient than the decoder - wt in terms of the number of parameters and the number of parameters in the encoder - decoder pipeline . compared with the decoder - wt baseline , our approach is more efficient in terms of the number of parameters .
only one participant managed to install and use brat on ubuntu , taking 18 minutes . gate and yedda are significantly faster than slate and brat on both platforms . yedda is also faster than slate on both platforms .
interestingly , word2vec performs better than node2vec and syntree2vec when the size is less than 0 . 03mb . the reason for this might be that when the size is less than 0 . 03mb , there is less room for improvement for node2vec and syntree2vec . however , when the size is greater than 0 . 15mb , word2vec performs better than node2vec and syntree2vec .
answer sentence , long answer passage and short answer phrase are used in training set and development set respectively . the number of training data in this dataset is very small so we only use the data in the development set to evaluate the performance of different models . the performance of different models on asnq dataset is shown in table .
interestingly , bert - l trained on asnq outperforms bert - l trained on wikiqa in terms of both map and mrr . in addition , we finetune bert - l on asnq and roberta - b finetune on wikiqa , and finetune bert - l on tanda on asnq . we find that finetuning bert - l on asnq improves performance over finetuning bert - l on wikiqa , but not as much as finetuning bert on tanda .
interestingly , bert - b fine - tuned on asnq outperforms bert - l fine - tuned on trec - qa in a majority of cases ( map : 0 . 823 , mrr : 0 . 946 ) and bert - l fine - tuned on trec - qa in a minority of cases ( map : 0 . 823 , mrr : 0 . 946 ) . we also experimented with fine - tuning bert - b on asnq but it did not outperform the original bert - b on trec - qa . we also experimented with fine - tuning bert - b on trec - qa and fine - tuned on asnq but did not see any improvement .
sees a similar pattern : bert - base drops from 0 . 881 to 0 . 857 ( map = 0 . 828 ) and 0 . 857 to 0 . 857 ( mrr = 0 . 937 ) . on trec - qa , bert drops from 0 . 883 to 0 . 843 ( map = 0 . 938 ) and drops from 0 . 857 to 0 . 857 ( mrr = 0 . 937 ) . we see a similar pattern : bert drops from 0 . 813 to 0 . 828 ( map = 0 . 813 ) and drops from 0 . 857 to 0 . 857 ( mrr = 0 . 937 ) . on wikiqa , we see a similar pattern : bert drops from 0 . 813 to 0 . 828 ( map = 0 . 937 ) and from 0 . 857 to 0 . 857 ( mrr = 0 . 937 ) . on trec - qa , we see a similar pattern : bert drops from 0 . 813 to 0 . 857 ( map = 0 . 938 ) and from 0 . 857 to 0 . 843 ( mrr = 0 . 937 ) . we also see a similar pattern : bert drops from 0 . 813 to 0 . 828 ( map = 0 . 857 ) and from 0 . 813 to 0 . 843 ( mrr = 0 . 937 ) . we also see a similar pattern : bert drops from 0 . 813 to 0 . 857 ( map = 0 . 937 ) and from 0 . 813 to 0 . 843 ( mrr = 0 . 937 ) . we see a similar pattern of performance drops from bert to trec - qa .
study the impact of different labels of asnq on fine - tuning bert for answer sentence selection . we fine - tune bert with different combinations of negative and positive labeled question - answer pairs and report the mean average precision ( map ) and mean reciprocal rank ( mrr ) of the final fine - tuned bert model . we observe that the performance of bert improves as more positive question - answer pairs are used for fine - tuning .
can see that fine - tuning bert - base on trec - qa outperforms bert - base on wikiqa in terms of both map and mrr . however , when we fine - tune bert - base on asnq , the performance of tanda degrades on trec - qa . this is because asnq is designed for span - level reasoning while qnli is designed for question answering . the performance degradation on trec - qa is more significant than that on wikiqa .
tanda ( asnq nad ) outperforms all the baselines in all three datasets and the improvement is statistically significant ( t - test with p - value 0 . 01 ) . the improvement of tanda ( asnq nad ) over tanda ( asnq nad ) is statistically significant ( t - test with p - value 0 . 01 ) in all three datasets and statistically significant in all three datasets .
fig . the first column ( ic = 1 ) shows the contribution of each feature . the second column ( ic = 2 ) shows the contribution of each feature . the third column ( ic = 3 ) shows the average contribution of each feature . the has_diff , has_too , and has_int features contribute 0 . 872 , + 0 . 419 , + 0 . 594 , and + 0 . 450 , respectively . the bias terms , has_consider , dif_how and dif_however features contribute 0 . 0 , + 0 . 186 , and + 0 . 393 , respectively . the has_diff , has_too , and dif_too are all 1 . 0 features . the has_too , has_int and dif_too are all 1 . 0 features . the bias terms , has_int , dif_consider and dif_how however are all 1 . 0 features .
decoding is done on an ubuntu machine with an intel xeon e5 - 2660 , 2 . 60ghz cpu . the results show that our neural parser is on par with eisner in terms of both scalability and efficiency , and outperforms it by a considerable margin in the worst - case .
, we report the bleu scores based on the bleu score of the embeddings predicted by the baseline and our model , as well as the bleu score of the embeddings predicted by our model , uplifted from 2 . 19 ( baseline ) to 3 . 90 ( upgraded from 2 . 19 to 3 . 90 ) . we also report the bleu error rate ( error redundancy ) based on the embeddings predicted by our model , uplifted from 23 . 1 to 23 . 1 ( error redundancy reduction ) .
also shows that the cosine similarity is better than the joint weighting ( jw ) : the average similarity is 8 . 17 , and the average cosine similarity is 3 . 87 . this shows that the cosine similarity does not improve the clustering at all .
can be observed that the performance of the char - cnn model is worse than that of the word2vec model . this is due to the fact that the character - level cnn model is not able to handle the complex interaction between multiple authors , while the character - level cnn model is able to handle each individual author independently , which is more difficult for a single - author model to handle . in contrast , the word2vec model can handle multiple authors , while the word - level cnn model can only deal with a single author . we also observe that the performance of the w2v and fasttext ( skip ) models is lower than that of the cbow and fasttext models when the number of authors is less than 10 . this is because the cbow model can only deal with single - author words , while the skip - gram model can deal with multiple authors at the same time . the performance of the w2v and fasttext ( skip ) models is lower than that of the word2vec model when the number of authors is less than 10 . this is because the skip - gram model can only deal with single - author words , while the word2vec model can only deal with multiple authors .
compare our model with the hexaf - ucl model trained on the development dataset of hexaf . we can see that our model ( bert ) outperforms hexaf - ucl in terms of the label accuracy . this is mainly due to the ability of bert to capture the semantics of the input sentences .
generated questions for the claims in the fever dataset using the pre - trained infersent model , we report the accuracy of converting claims to questions . we also report the average number of questions asked per claim ( the median number of questions per claim ) . the table also shows the average number of questions per claim ( the median number of questions per claim ) . the table also shows the average number of questions per claim , which is the number of claims converted into questions by the system over the training , development , and test sets .
can see that the test set performs slightly better than the training set with = 0 . 67 . however , the training set performs much better than the development set with = 0 . 76 . this indicates that the question generation system does not need to overfit to the distribution of answer words in the dataset .
can be seen that sota outperforms bert in the inductive setting and sota outperforms bert in the transductive setting . in the transductive setting , bert_wikirand and bert_wikicrem outperform sota . however , in the inductive setting , sota is outperformed by bert_wikirand and bert_wikicrem due to the fact that they have no training data . in the inductive setting , sota is outperformed by bert_wikirand and bert_wikicrem due to the fact that they use a pre - trained model .
also compare the performance of pretrained embeddings with non - pretrained embeddings . the pretrained embeddings perform better on average when compared to the non - pretrained embeddings . we also observe that the performance of the pretrained embeddings is worse when compared to the non - pretrained ones .
, we report the bleu score of each model , averaged over the 10 languages . as expected , the exact model performs the best , followed by the transducer , which has the second - best performance . however , the manual model has the highest bleu score on five languages ( java , malay , swahili , telugu , and urdu ) , and the lowest bleu score on the remaining ones ( english , german , and urdu ) .
, we see that pbel outperforms all the baselines , even on non - wikipedia data . for tigrinya , the accuracy is even higher , at 33 . 3 % using pbel . for oromo , the accuracy is even higher at 33 . 3 % using pbel , even though it was trained on much less data .
, we compare the accuracy of the phoneme - based model to that of the grapheme - based model . for each language , we use the same word segmentation ( i . e . , vowels and consonants ) for both the grapheme and phoneme inputs . for each language , we use the same word segmentation ( i . e . , vowels and consonants ) for both the grapheme and phoneme inputs . for each language , we use the same word segmentation ( i . e . , vowels and consonants ) for both the grapheme and phoneme inputs . then , for each word in the test set , we use the word segmentation ( i . e . , vowels and consonants ) for both the grapheme and phoneme inputs . for each language , we use the same word segmentation ( i . e . , vowels and consonants ) for both the grapheme and phoneme inputs .
ir , pmi , esim , diin are fine - tuned on both textbooks and wikipedia , while bert nli and bert rc are fine - tuned on both textbooks and wikipedia . diin improves over esim and bert nli by + 1 . 34 and + 1 . 38 bleu points , respectively . the improvement of diin over esim is larger than that of diin . this is because esim , diin , and bert nli are fine - tuned on both textbooks and wikipedia . diin is fine - tuned on both textbooks and wikipedia , while bert nli is fine - tuned on only textbooks .
, dsve with word2vec , and our method with muse embeddings all perform better than dsve with w2v . the performance of our method with muse embeddings is slightly worse than muse embeddings when trained on en , but improves significantly when trained on en + fr .
, dsve with word2vec ( w2v ) and fasttext ( fasttext ) as word2vec pre - trained word embeddings ( bv ) are worse than dsve with en ( dsve w / w2v ) and muse ( muse ) embeddings ( dsve w / bv ) are worse than dsve with en ( dsve w / w2v ) or fasttext ( dsve w / bv ) and ours with muse embeddings ( dsve w / muse ) are better than dsve with en + fr ( dsve w / muse ) and ours with muse embeddings ( dsve w / muse ) are better than dsve with en + fr ( dsve w2v w / muse ) and ours with muse embeddings ( dsve w / muse ) are better than dsve ( dsve w2v ) and ours with muse embeddings .
sees that muse can also be used in combination with other languages . we observe that muse can also be used in combination with other languages that are not listed in the training data , e . g . , en + fr or en + de . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that muse can also be used in combination with other languages that are not listed in the training data , e . g . , cs .
, we show the effect of using different languages for training the image representations on multi30k dataset with bv word embeddings . we use 300d word embeddings for all the images in multi30k dataset in the following experiments with different languages : en , fr , de , en + de , en + fr and en + de + fr . we observe that using different languages for training the image representations does not necessarily lead to better performance .
dbidaf achieves 63 . 0 em and 62 . 6 f1 , while dbert achieves 59 . 2 em and 63 . 9 f1 . droberta achieves 58 . 7 em and 73 . 7 f1 , both significantly above the previous state - of - the - art .
, we find that the m2 - latent variant consistently outperforms the m1 - latent variant , and the m1 - shallow variant consistently outperforms the m1 - latent variant . in addition , we find that the m1 - latent variant consistently outperforms the m1 - shallow variant , and the m2 - latent variant consistently outperforms the m1 - latent variant .
, we find that cnns and bi - lstms with glove embeddings ( both with m1 - latent and m2 - latent ) have the best performance , and the bi - lstm with m1 - shallow performs the best . overall , we find that both the m1 - latent and m2 - latent improve upon the baseline for both mae and mape , and that the best performing model is the bi - lstm with m2 - latent .
can see that the best results are obtained when the transformer layer has t1 or t2 on all the four datasets . the best results are obtained when the transformer layer has t1 or t2 on the ag ’ s and snli datasets , and t1 or t2 on the imdb dataset . we can also see that the best results are obtained when the transformer layer has t1 or t2 . we can see that the best performance is obtained when the transformer layer has t1 or t2 .
ulmfit zhang et al . ulmfit zhang et al . et al . ulmfit zhang et al . et al . et al . ulmfit zhang et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . we can see that compared with ulmfit zhang et al . ulmfit zhang et al . ulmfit zhang et al . ulmfit zhang et al . ulmfit zhang et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al . et al .
can see that bert - lsda outperforms bert - l on all three datasets and achieves a of 5 . 15 on snli , which is 7 . 02 % and 5 . 49 % , respectively , compared to bert - l . we also find that our implementation of bert - lsda ( k = 1 ) outperforms bert - l ( k = 1 ) on imdb and ag ’ s corpora . on snli , bert - lsda ( k = t1 ) achieves a of 5 . 15 , which is a of 7 . 02 % .
also conducts an automatic evaluation with perplexity . as can be seen , transdg achieves the best performance in all of the categories , especially for the categories of “ old ” and “ high ” .
can see that transdg achieves the best performance in all categories . especially in “ obfuscated ” category , where the oov rate is the highest , our model significantly outperforms all the other models .
quantitative evaluation is conducted with bleu - 4 papineni et al . as we can see , transdg outperforms all the baselines with at least 0 . 1807 bleu - 4 score . it indicates that our model generates more fluent and human - like responses than the baselines , which is consistent with human evaluation .
human evaluation results are presented in table 5 . we randomly select 200 sentences generated by each model , and each sentence is judged by three annotators . we randomly select 200 sentences from the test set . the annotators are asked to rate the sentences from three aspects : fluency , relevance and correctness . we compare our model with seq2seq , memnet , copynet , ccm , postks on a 5 - point likert scale . we can see that our model outperforms the baseline models in all aspects , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our model .
ablation study shows that each component of transdg contributes to the overall performance . specifically , w / o qrt , w / o kst , w / o rga , w / o ssd denotes that we remove one component of transdg by removing it one at a time . moreover , w / o rga , w / o ssd denotes that we remove the rga part , the rga part , the ssd part , and the qrt + kst denote that we remove the qrt part , the kst part , and the rga part , respectively . compared with the full model transdg , the bleu scores of w / o rga and ssd denote that each part contributes to the overall performance in different aspects .
can see that our method outperforms all the previous methods by a large margin , i . e . , by at least 2 . 2 f1 points absolute improvement in the average f1 - score .
sees that the look - ahead search method outperforms the greedy search method by a large margin . this difference in performance is likely due to the fact that the greedy search method uses a very narrow window ( i . e . , a narrow beam of 10 tokens ) and the model is overfitted due to the large number of parameters that it needs to predict . in contrast , the look - ahead search method uses a very wide window ( i . e . , a beam of 10 tokens ) and is more likely to find a better architecture .
measure the number of words in the question and the answer , as well as the average longest n - gram overlap between the question and answer . we observe that dsquad has the fewest number of words per question , followed by dbidaf and droberta . however , both dbidaf and droberta have the answer length the same as dsquad , which suggests that the questions are relatively easy to answer . dbidaf also has the shortest n - gram overlap between the question and answer . however , it also has the longest n - gram overlap between the question and answer .
sees that the look - ahead module is able to improve the model ’ s performance on the entire testing set , while either the la module or the beam search method harm the models when the target length is longer than 25 words . we hypothesize that this is because the look - ahead module is able to identify more relevant translations early on in the training process , which helps the model generalize better to the testing set .
see that the la module slightly improves the performance of the transformer model but harms the performance when the la time step is set to 5 . we suspect this is due to the fact that the eos constraint causes the model to over - fit to the training data and hence the model tends to over - fit when the la time step is set to 5 .
can also add the auxiliary eos loss into the training objective . we can see that the performance is improved for all search strategies with 0 . 25 , 0 . 5 , 0 . 75 , 1 . 25 , 1 . 5 .
compared with previous state - of - the - art methods , our local joint self - attention achieves significant improvements ( e . g . , bleu scores of 35 . 7 and 33 . 3 on wmt ’ 14 en - de and iwslt ’ 14 de - en ) , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our method .
, we outperform the state - of - the - art results by reducing the error by 80 . 7 % and achieving nearly perfect results . our proposed method outperforms state - of - the - art results by reducing the error by 80 . 7 % and achieving nearly perfect results .
every method has received the ground truth of the semantic segmentation at pixel - level as input . in our experience , an algorithm which is not designed to take advantage of this pre - processing step will not benefit from it . even if both methods have the same perfect input , our proposed text - line extraction method is superior to state - of - the - art .
, we evaluate the performance of our model on different image - sentence retrieval , phrase - grounding , image - captioning , and vqa tasks . specifically , we use the flickr30k image - sentence retrieval dataset to initialize the phrase embeddings , and use the didemo image - sentence retrieval dataset to fine - tune the phrase embeddings . the phrase - grounding tasks are similar to the phrase - to - lip task except that we use the didemo phrase - grounding task for image - sentence retrieval . the phrase - to - clip task is similar to image - sentence retrieval tasks except that phrase - grounding is different from image - sentence retrieval tasks . we use the cite , arnet , and vqa datasets for fine - tuning the proposed model . we use the same hyper - parameters for all the methods . the hyper - parameters for all the methods are chosen using the validation set . the hyper - parameters for all the methods are tuned on the validation set . we use the best hyper - parameters on the validation set for all the methods .
, we report our results on flickr30k , mscoco , didemo , and vqa datasets . for each task , we report the mean recall , average recall , bleu - 4 score , and cider score among all the captioning and image retrieval tasks . for the phrase grounding task , we report the average phrase grounding score . for the image captioning task , we report the average captioning accuracy . for the vqa dataset , we report the average answer score across all the answers . for all the tasks , we use the pretrained word2vec + word embedding layer as the word embedding layer . for all the tasks , we report the mean recall , average recall , bleu - 4 , and cider scores .
, we compare grovle with several state - of - the - art methods for multi - task qa , including scan , phrase grounding , scan - qa , text - to - clip , and vqa . we also compare grovle with a baseline model trained from scratch . the results show that grovle outperforms the baseline model by a large margin , demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed method . the results also show that grovle performs comparably to the state - of - the - art models for multi - task qa , especially in terms of the cider score .
using multi - task pretraining w / target task improves the performance on all the tasks , and fine - tuning further improves the vqa task . using multi - task pretraining w / target task further improves the performance on all tasks , and fine - tuning further improves the vqa accuracy , which is a crucial evaluation metric .
first observation is that both roberta and bert models under droberta supervision outperform their respective baseline models on the dev set . this indicates that roberta and bert have learned a transferable knowledge from the dbidaf development set . however , neither bert nor roberta is able to fully exploit the potential of the droberta supervision given the limited amount of training data .
clearly show that ataml outperforms the baselines in terms of all the automatic evaluation metrics . in particular , ataml achieves the lowest perplexity and bleu scores among all the methods . in terms of distinct - 1 and score , ataml is the best method , while paml achieves the lowest perplexity and bleu scores among all the methods . in terms of c score , ataml achieves the lowest perplexity and bleu scores among all the methods , while seq2seq and speaker - f are the best methods in terms of distinct - 1 and score , respectively . in terms of bleu and distinct - 1 , ataml also achieves the lowest perplexity and bleu scores among all the methods .
can see that pre - trained models generally perform better than pre - trained models , which shows that pre - training datasets help models generalize better . among the models trained on the original dsquad , dbidaf and droberta datasets , models trained on ddrop and dnq achieve the best results on em and f1 scores .
observe that the model trained on wikisplit outperforms the model trained on websplit by a large margin . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that wikisplit has a much richer corpus than websplit 1 . 0 , which makes it easier for the model to generalize . in fact , the model trained on wikisplit outperforms the model trained on splithalf on both datasets .
both models are able to predict the splits correctly 95 % of the time . the gap between websplit and wikisplit is smaller for the missing and repeated splits , but the gap is larger for the repeated splits . this suggests that websplit is better at picking the correct split than wikisplit when it is trained on data similar to the splits it is learning .
find that both splithalf and wikisplit improve over the reference model in all metrics , and both perform better than splithalf in terms of sentence - level bleu . while the gap in sentence - level bleu between splithalf and wikisplit is smaller than on splithalf , it is larger than on ag18 . this suggests that splithalf and wikisplit are able to extract more information from the data than splithalf from the limited amount of training data available .
, we report mean accuracy ( ma ) , mean reciprocal rank ( mr ) , mean average correlation ( avg ) of the embeddings obtained with different initializations , for the three datasets ( movie , refs , refl ) and average entropy ( avg ) . we see that embdi embeddings significantly outperform the basic embeddings , with an average entropy of . 78 , compared to . 40 for the basic embeddings .
seep - based methods outperform embdi and seep . for both seep and embdi , precision , recall , and f - score are all above . 75 , which shows that even a poor quality embedding can achieve good performance on the task of sentiment analysis in general .
embdi performs well in the unsupervised setting , but struggles in the supervised setting . embdi learns embeddings from the text and performs better than glove in the refs and refl tasks . however , the glove embeddings do not perform well in the movie task and the refl task . the glove embeddings perform poorly in the refs and refl tasks because they do not use word embeddings learned during training . the embdi model performs well in the refs and refl tasks , but performs poorly in the refs and refl tasks . embdi learns embeddings from the text and word embeddings , but does not learn from the refs and refl tasks . the deeper model learns embeddings from the text and word embeddings , and performs better than the basic embeddings in the refs and refl tasks .
sees that pre - trained models generally outperform unsupervised models . however , fine - tuning on either dsquad or dbidaf dataset hurts the performance of pre - trained models , which suggests that there is still room for improvement for both pre - and fine - tuned models .
randomly selected a random subset of 1000 sentences from the test set . as can be seen , samsa and samsaabl outperform ldsc and same in terms of the number of sentences ( # t / s ) and the percentage of similar sentences ( % s ) . samsa and samsaabl outperform ldsc in terms of the number of sentences ( # s / c ) and the percentage of similar sentences ( % same ) .
evaluated on a scale of 1 ( very bad ) to 5 ( very good ) , the human evaluators labeled our system as very good , very bad , and very good on the three aspects of grammaticality , preservation , and structural simplicity respectively .
dblp : conf / naacl / waseemh16 , davidsonwmw17 , golbeck2017 and the hatelingo dataset ( http : / / www . hatlingo . com / ) are collections of tweets annotated by three different annotators . the hatelingo dataset is a large collection of tweets annotated by seven different annotators . the labels used in these datasets are : directed , generalized , archaic , class , disability , and hate speech . the dblp : conf / naacl / waseemh16 dataset is a subset of the dblp : conf / naacl / waseemh16 dataset , which consists of 16 , 914 tweets annotated with one to three annotators . we use the labels from dblp : conf / naacl / waseemh16 and the datasets from golbeck et al . golbeck et al .
, we compare our models with existing state - of - the - art systems . [ unc ] , unc , ukp - athene , dream - xlnet [ xlnetgraph ] , dream - roberta [ xlnetgraph ] , dream - roberta [ xlnetgraph ] , and pairwise ranknet [ pairwiseranknet ] . the results show that our models outperform existing state - of - the - art systems by a significant margin .
can be observed that our model outperforms the baselines for all the three languages in terms of both macro - and micro - f1 scores . among the baselines , stsl achieves the highest macro - f1 scores for english , and mtsl achieves the highest micro - f1 scores for french and arabic . moreover , stsl outperforms mtsl for all the three languages in terms of directness .
, we report the macro - f1 scores of the three models for english , french , and arabic . the results are shown in tab . as can be seen , the proposed mtsl model outperforms the other models on all the three datasets in terms of both macro - f1 and micro - f1 metrics . mtsl performs better than stsl on the english dataset , while stml performs better than lr on the french dataset . the proposed lr model outperforms the stsl model on the french dataset , while the proposed mtsl model outperforms the stsl model on the arabic dataset . the stml model performs better than the mtsl model on the french dataset , but worse than the lr model on the arabic dataset .
observe that multilingual bert outperforms the baseline in both f1 and em metrics , indicating that it can better understand the question and make more accurate predictions . in particular , f1 score increases from 40 . 67 to 51 . 19 for french , and from 37 . 00 to 59 . 94 for japanese . this shows that bert can better understand the question and make more accurate predictions .
sees that bert is able to perform well on cross - lingual squad , with an f1 - score of 67 . 28 for the english question and an f1 - score of 58 . 93 for the japanese question . this shows that bert is able to answer the question in the context of the paragraph , and to perform well on cross - lingual questions as well .
compares our results with those of [ unc ] , [ ucl ] , and the previous state - of - the - art results reported by [ ukp - athene ] . we also compare our results with the previous state - of - the - art results reported by [ unc ] , [ ucl ] , and the previous state - of - the - art results reported by [ ukp - athene ] . as shown in the table , the large model outperforms the smaller one in terms of both fever score and label accuracy . in addition , the pairwise approach outperforms the pointwise approach in most cases .
performs better in the nlg track than in the nlg track but suffers a drop in bleu scores in the other tracks .
of the state - of - the - art on rotowire . because rotowire tokenization is slightly different from the standard english test set , we perform a set of fixes to the model outputs , e . g . , 1 - of - 3 1 3 . because rotowire tokenization is slightly different , we apply a set of fixes to the model outputs ( e . g . , 1 - of - 3 1 3 ) .
perform an extensive ablation study in order to better understand the contributions of individual components of the nlg mechanism . we perform this ablation study with the english nlg model .
fine - tuning the in - language model on the danish side without any additional labeled data results in a large increase of the f1 score over the tnt baseline . the tiny 5k danish sentence set performs similarly to the tnt baseline . the small 10k set is also significantly better than the tnt zero - shot setup . the fine - tuned danish model fine - tuned on the large english data performs even better than the fine - tuned danish model .
can see that bilstm outperforms polyglot on all categories and that the difference is most pronounced on person and organization .
can see that both catseq and catseqd significantly outperform the seq2seq baselines on all datasets , which demonstrates the effectiveness of our delexicalization module .
oracle outperforms the other models in both present and absent utterances . for the present utterances , catseq and catseqd perform better than the oracle , which is catseq with oracle attention . the catseq - 2 rf1 version of catseq is slightly worse than catseq for both present and absent utterances , but catseqtg outperforms catseq for absent utterances .
ablation study is conducted on the kp20k dataset . we replace the adaptive rf1 reward function in our full approach with a single reward signal for all the generated keyphrases . the results show that the ablation study shows that our full rl approach , which uses both rf1 and f1 reward functions , is effective in leveraging keyphrase context information .
can see that all catseq models outperform the seq2seq baseline on both present and absent contexts . among the seq2seq models , catseqtg is the best performing one on both present and absent contexts , and outperforms catseq by a large margin on both old and new contexts .
bleu , distinct - 1 , distinct - 2 , average length , stopword rate , and adverb success statistics are reported for each model . the non - adversarial models ( nonar ) have lower bleu but higher distinct - 1 and distinct - 2 scores than the adversarial models ( ar + mmi + rl ) . we hypothesize that this is because non - adversarial models are more likely to generate non - trivial and novel words . we also observe that non - argumentation models ( nonar + mmi + rl ) have lower stopword rates and higher adversarial success rates compared to their agent counterparts ( ar + mmi + rl ) .
dissimilarity and agreement between annotators are significantly improved by mmi and rl ( p - value 0 . 01 ) . mmi improves coherence and content richness of the generated responses significantly ( p - value 0 . 01 ) compared to the baseline models ( p - value 0 . 01 ) . mmi improves coherence and content richness of the generated responses significantly ( p - value 0 . 01 ) compared to the baseline models ( p - value 0 . 01 ) , especially for non - ar models ( p - value 0 . 05 ) .
can see that our implementation of nat with mmi outperforms previous state - of - the - art results by a large margin , i . e . , + 1 . 48 % on ende and + 1 . 22 % on deen on wmt14 , respectively , which is a significant performance boost . on wmt16 roen , nat with mmi outperforms flowseq - large by + 1 . 48 bleu points , which is a significant performance boost .
weighting variants are evaluated on the compounds dataset ( 32 , 246 nominal compounds ) . the best results are obtained when we use t = 100 transformations , word representations with n = 200 dimensions and the drop of the normalization term .
can be seen in the results for adverb - adjective phrases , but not for nominal compounds , which seems to be a harder task . in particular , the performance for adverb - adjective phrases seems to be affected more by the dimensionality of the vectors than for nominal compounds , which seems to be a bigger issue in the gc setting .
, we observe that simply adding the entity name ( ent - only ) degrades the performance of both cnn and lstm . on the other hand , adding the entity dependency trees ( ent - dym ) improves the performance of both cnn and lstm , but does not have a significant effect on the performance of the bilstm .
can see that our proposed sota consistently improves the performance of bertbase model over different datasets with different number of training epochs . the performance of bertbase model in test set of five datasets with different number of training epochs varies from 0 . 927 ( trecqa ) to 0 . 944 ( wikiqa ) , from 0 . 873 ( wikiqa ) to 0 . 942 ( semevalcqa - 16 ) , from 0 . 801 ( semevalcqa - 17 ) to 0 . 908 ( semevalcqa - 16 ) and from 0 . 746 ( semevalcqa - 17 ) .
, we observe that the addition of ent - only and ent - dym improves the performance across all models on both cnn and lstm . on the bilstm , we observe that ent - dep0 performs better than ent - only , but ent - dym performs better than ent - only . on the lstm , we observe that ent - dep1 performs better than ent - only , but ent - dym performs better than ent - only .
interestingly , opiec - linked has a smaller drop in the number of triples with semantic annotations compared to opiec - clean , which is consistent with our expectations . the drop in the number of triples with negative polarity is also smaller compared to opiec - clean compared to opiec - linked , which is consistent with our expectations . moreover , opiec - linked has a smaller drop in the number of triples with attribution , time , and space modalities than opiec - clean .
, we see that , for example , “ be musician ” and “ be owner of ” are grouped into the same category , and “ be musician ” and “ be owner of ” are grouped into the same category , “ musician ” . for example , “ be musician ” and “ be owner of ” are grouped into the same category , “ musician ” and “ musician ” . for example , “ musician ” and “ musician ” are grouped into the same category , “ musician ” and “ musician ” are both grouped into the same category , and “ musician ” and “ musician ” are grouped into the same category . for example , “ be musician ” and “ musician ” are both grouped into the same category , “ musician ” and “ musician ” are both grouped into the same category , “ musician ” and “ musician ” are both grouped into the same category , and “ musician ” is grouped into the same category .
compare our results with the state - of - the - art results on das et al . et al . ’ s test set and citeauthordas ’ stestset shortcitedas ’ stestset . ’ s results on das ’ s test set and citeauthorpeng et al . ’ s test set in ambiguous mode . in particular , our model outperforms the state - of - the - art results in both framenet 1 . 5 and framenet 1 . 7 .
can see that bertlarge outperforms bertbase in all datasets . in particular , bertlarge outperforms bertbase in trecqa , wikiqa , yahooqa and semevalcqa , while bertbase outperforms bertlarge in semevalcqa - 16 and semevalcqa - 17 . this demonstrates that bertlarge is a good pre - trained model that can generalize well to new domains .
perform hyperparameter tuning for the baseline hyperparameters , and perform random search for the hyperparameters . random search performs better than the default hyperparameters in most cases , but worse than the default hyperparameters in some cases . for example , for semeval , random search improves the accuracy of the baseline hyperparameters by 1 . 31 percentage points . for ddi and i2b2 , random search improves the accuracy of the baseline hyperparameters by 1 . 34 percentage points but worse than the default hyperparameters .
sees that the entity blinding method performs better than the other preprocessing methods for all tasks and datasets . for example , on the semeval dataset , the original word embeddings performs better than the punct and digit preprocessing method but worse than the entity blinding method . for the i2b2 dataset , the punct and digit preprocessing method performs better than the original word embeddings and worse than the entity blinding method but worse than the other methods .
sees that our method outperforms the baselines for all tasks . for the semantic role labeling , our method outperforms the baselines by a large margin . for the i2b2 task , our method outperforms the baselines by a large margin . for the ddi task , our method outperforms the baselines by a large margin . for the semeval task , our method outperforms the baselines by a large margin .
can be observed that - entmax outperforms the softmax activation in all four datasets , and the difference is statistically significant ( t - test , p - value 0 . 01 ) .
trained with both cc and arxiv embeddings , we observe performance improvements on both subtasks . the model trained with arxiv embeddings also outperforms the one trained with cc embeddings on both subtasks .
, our model achieves a new state - of - the - art result on the g - ref and referit datasets . our model also outperforms previous state - of - the - art models on the unc and g - ref datasets . our model improves over rrn and dmn by a large margin .
observe that cross - modal self - attention outperforms all other attention methods , and the improvement is statistically significant ( with p - value 0 . 01 ) .
rmi - lstm and rrn - cnn are simple convolutional neural networks . rmi - lstm is a variant of rmi - lstm , where the lstm layer is replaced by a resnet . rrn - cnn is a variant of rmi - lstm , where the lstm layer is replaced by a convolutional network . rrn - cnn is a variant of rmi - lstm , where the lstm layer is replaced by a convolutional network . rmi - lstm is a variant of rmi - lstm , which has the same structure as rmi - lstm , but without the convolutional layer . rrn - cnn is a variant of rmi - lstm , where the lstm layer is replaced by a convolutional network . rmi - lstm is a variant of rmi - lstm , where the lstm layer is replaced by a convolutional network . rrn - cnn is a variant of rmi - lstm , where the lstm layer is replaced by a convolutional network . rmi - lstm is a variant of rmi - lstm , where the lstm layer is replaced by a convolutional network . rrn - cnn is a variant of rmi - lstm , where the lstm layer is replaced by a convolutional network . rmi - lstm is a variant of rmi - lstm . rrn - cnn is a variant of rmi - lstm , where the convolutional network is replaced by a convolutional network . rmi - lstm is a variant of rmi - lstm , where the convolutional network is replaced by a convolutional network . rrn - cnn is a variant of rmi - lstm , where the convolutional network is replaced by a convolutional network . rmi - lstm is a variant of rmi - lstm . rrn - cnn is a variant of rmi - lstm , where the convolutional network is replaced by a convolutional network . rrn - cnn is a variant of rmi - lstm , where the convolutional network is replaced by a convolutional network . the convolutional network is replaced by a
first experiment was to evaluate the performance of the three proposed models in terms of the three metrics discussed above . the first metric was the general performance performance of the three proposed models . the second metric was the general performance of the first proposed model . the results of this experiment can be interpreted as the following : for the first model , the general performance of the system was better than the one of the baseline system with an error rate of 0 . 94 . for the second model , the general performance was better than the baseline system with an error rate of 0 . 68 . for the third model , the general performance was better than that of the baseline system with an error rate of 0 . 08 , but still , the general performance was worse than that of the baseline system with an error rate of 0 . 96 .
compare our results with state - of - the - art results on the swda and mrda datasets chen et al . ; kalchbrenner and blunsom among the baselines , tf - idf glove embeddings achieve the best results on both datasets . tf - idf embeddings outperform the previous state - of - the - art results by a large margin on both datasets , achieving a new state - of - the - art result of 79 . 8 f1 - score on swda and 81 . 3 f1 - score on mrda .
can see that one2one outperforms the other baselines by a large margin on all the datasets ( with an average of 0 . 7 on f1 @ 5 and 0 . 8 on f1 @ 10 ) . on inspec , the one - to - one model performs slightly better than the other baselines . on krapivin and semeval , the one - to - one model performs significantly better than the other baselines . on nus and semeval , the one - to - one model performs significantly better than the other two baselines .
, we see that bigrnn performs better than basernn with f @ 5 of 0 . 358 , and that transformer outperforms basernn with f @ 10 of 0 . 361 . we also see that the performance of no - sort is similar to that of the other baselines .
elmo - lstm - crf significantly outperforms rand - lstm - crf , hb - crf , and rand - lstm - crf on all the tasks . moreover , elmo - lstm - crf outperforms elmo - lstm - crf on all the tasks except for drug – disease relations . the reason that elmo - lstm - crf outperforms elmo - lstm - crf on chemical – disease relation is the drug – disease relation . the reason that elmo - lstm - crf outperforms rand - lstm - crf on all the tasks is the drug – disease relation . the reason why elmo - lstm - crf outperforms elmo - lstm - crf on chemical – disease relation is the drug – disease relation .
detection section reports the diagnostic information and prescription reasons for each patient , while prescription reasons reports the reasons for prescription refills . the dataset is split into training , validation , and test sets with 80 % for training , 10 % for validation , and 10 % for testing . the labels for diagnoses and prescriptions are labeled by medical professionals , while the support labels for diagnoses and prescription reasons are labeled by health care professionals . prescription reasons are labeled by health care professionals with an f1 score between 0 . 5 and 1 . 0 for diagnoses and prescription reasons , and a f1 score between 0 . 5 and 1 . 0 for the prescription reasons labeled by medical professionals . the f1 score of the prescription reasons class is higher than that of the diagnoses and prescription reasons classes . the f1 score of the prescription reasons class is higher than that of the diagnoses and reasons classes in the other sections .
friends contains a total of 4 , 000 dialogues with an average number of utterances of 156 . 38 utterances , with an average length of 160 . 92 utterances . friends contains a total of 4 , 000 dialogues , with an average number of utterances of 13 . 73 and an average number of utterances of 156 . 38 , with an average length of 160 . 92 . the distribution of labels is as follows : neutral ( 45 . 0 % ) , joy ( 11 . 8 % ) , sadness ( 11 . 8 % ) , anger ( 0 . 3 % ) , and out - of - domain ( 34 . 6 % ) . the distributions of labels are as follows : neutral ( 45 . 0 % ) , neutral ( 31 . 4 % ) , sadness ( 3 . 1 % ) , and out - of - domain ( 34 . 6 % ) . friends contains a training set of 4 , 000 utterances , and a test set of 480 utterances . emotionpush contains a training set of 240 utterances and a test set of 3536 . the distributions of labels are as follows :
evaluate the performance of essentia and fsa on the paraphrase extraction task on the two datasets . we compare the precision scores between essentia and fsa on both datasets . we observe that the precision scores of essentia are much higher than fsa ’ s . this is mainly due to the fact that essentia employs a pre - trained language model to pre - train the sentence encoder , while fsa employs a pre - trained language model to fine - tune the sentence encoder . on snips dataset , fsa outperforms essentia by a large margin . on hotelqa dataset , fsa outperforms essentia by a large margin . this is mainly due to the fact that hotelqa has a much smaller number of valid pairs compared to snips .
, we test the ability of our model to distinguish r from u in the br , us , and combined br + us datasets . the results show that our model is able to distinguish r from u with an accuracy of 85 % , 72 % , and 70 % respectively .
can see that ethanos is faster than geth in all data types , but in the worst case it is slower than ethanos . in the worst case it is faster than ethanos , but in the best case it is faster than geth .
can see that in the compact sync case , the number of transactions , the bloombit index and the number of trie nodes are much smaller than in the fast sync case . in the case of ethanos data , the number of transactions , the bloombit index and the number of trie nodes are much larger than in the geth data . in the case of ethanos data , the number of transactions , the bloombit index and the number of trie nodes are much larger than in the geth data . this can be explained by the fact that in the compact sync case , the number of transactions , the number of trie nodes , the bloombit index and the number of trie nodes are the same .
can see that our method outperforms search - based nmt by a large margin , i . e . , by a large margin in terms of all the four evaluation metrics . this shows that our method of jointly training the encoder and decoder is more effective than the search - based approach in terms of bleu and other evaluation metrics .
can be seen that relu performs best on both datasets . bert achieves the best results on the slc dataset , and the joint model achieves the best results on the flc dataset . granu and relu also achieve good results on the slc dataset . however , their f1 scores are much lower than those of relu .
use of cos - e during training helps improve results over using it only for open - ended questions . cage outperforms cos - e - open - ended significantly , achieving an accuracy of 72 . 6 % .
report the test accuracy of the current state - of - the - art on cqa v1 . 0 . in particular , we find that replacing cos - e during training with cage reasoning during inference leads to an absolute improvement of 10 % over the previous state - of - the - art .
we report results on the cqa dev - random - split dataset using three different variants of cos - e : ( i ) cos - e - selected with no questions , ( ii ) cos - e - limited - open - ended with open - ended questions , and ( iii ) cos - e - open - ended with open - ended questions to contrast with cos - e - open - ended used only during training . interestingly , the performance of cos - e - open - ended is higher than the performance of cos - e - selected . this suggests that the use of open - ended training questions helps cos - e generalize .
further improves performance on both the swag and sotry cloze tasks , demonstrating that it is able to effectively generalize to out - of - domain examples . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that the sotry cloze dataset is constructed to mimic a commonsense story cloze dataset .
first evaluate our method on the fa split , which contains statements with the citation needed detection label ( e . g . , ef1 = 0 . 826 ) and tests on the lqn split , which contains statements with the same label ( e . g . , ep = 0 . 709 , er = 0 . 045 ) ) of redi et al . the lqn split contains statements with the label ( e . g . , ef1 = 0 . 826 ) of redi et al . we report the f1 and ensembled f1 score for bert , bert + pu , and bert + puc on the fa split , which is the same as the split used in redi et al . for testing on the lqn split , we follow the same procedure as in redi et al .
test set was split into a training set of 518 synsets and a test set of 161 synsets . the number of synsets , the maximum depth of the hierarchy counted from ( and including ) the top synset of the domain , the number of basic level concepts , and the inter - rater agreement ( ) were calculated on both the training and the test sets .
rank the features in decreasing order of their importance . for example , the “ depth_in_hierarchy ” feature for the tool dataset ranks first , followed by “ g . ngrams_2008_max ” , “ glossary_length ” , “ polysemy_max ” , “ nr_of_synonyms ” , and “ nr_of_direct_hypernyms ” . for the music dataset , the “ depth_in_hierarchy ” feature ranks first , followed by “ glossy_length_min ” , “ nr_of_synonyms ” , “ nr_of_synonyms ” , and finally , “ nr_of_synonyms ” .
first observe that adding normalization to the unbalanced training data improves classification performance in almost all cases . the most significant improvement comes from using normalized features learned on the training set , followed by applying normalization to the unbalanced training data . the most significant improvement comes from using lexical normalization . the most significant improvement comes from using the normalized features learned on the training set , followed by applying normalization to the unbalanced training data . the most significant improvement comes from using the lexical normalization .
first analyzes the distribution of event tokens per pos in all three datasets . the distribution of event tokens per pos is similar across pos tags : nouns are the most represented pos tags , followed by verbs , and prepositions are the least represented pos tags .
event mentions are categorized into the following classes : occurrence : the number of event mentions belonging to a single class ; i_state : the number of event mentions belonging to a specific class ; perception : the number of event mentions related to actions ; reporting : the number of event mentions related to reporting an event ; and state : the number of event mentions related to a specific state or action .
, we compare the performance of our system against several state - of - the - art systems in terms of precision , recall and f1 score for both strict and relaxed evaluation . the best relaxed f1 score of 0 . 756 for fastext - itwack is achieved by citeauthorberardi2015_w2v shortciteberardi2015_glove ; citeauthorberardi2015_glove shortciteberardi2015_glove ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_glove ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_glove ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_glove ; citeauthorberardi2015_glove ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_glove ; citeauthorberardi2015_glove ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_glove ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_glove ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2v ; citeauthorberardi2015_w2
, we observe that our model outperforms the baselines in terms of both intra - dist and inter - dist metrics . specifically , our model achieves a 17 % and 14 % increase in intra - dist and inter - dist respectively in terms of bleu and bow embeddings . this indicates that our model is capable of generating less repeated n - grams in each response . in terms of inter - dist , our model also achieves a 17 % and 14 % increase in intra - dist , inter - dist and l , which indicates that our model generates much more diverse responses than baselines .
evaluate the generated responses from three models : cvae - co , vhcr , and dialogwae - gmp . cvae - co is a convolutional autoencoder . vhcr is a hierarchical self - attention model . the outputs from dialogwae - gmp are more coherent and diverse than the baseline models in terms of all three aspects : coherence , diversity , and informativeness . in terms of informativeness , both dialogwae and dialogwae - gmp outperform the cvae - co and vhcr baseline models .
rl look - ahead model achieves the highest score for all three aspects : empathy , relevance , and fluency . rl current model achieves the highest score for empathy , but it is not significant . rl look - ahead model achieves the highest bleu score for all three aspects : empathy , relevance , and fluency .
also conduct a wilcoxon signed - rank test to verify the significance of the results . our model outperforms syntaxsql - con and cd - seq2seq by a large margin on both two datasets , and is comparable with editsql . however , it is inferior to editsql , which is pre - trained on both cosql and sparc . we conjecture that this is because editsql is pre - trained on both cosql and sparc , while our model is pre - trained on bert .
detection precision ( ap ) is the accuracy at which a bounding box is detected or not , while direction precision ( ap ) is the accuracy at which the bounding box is predicted to be in the correct direction . for each algorithm , we compute the ap when a bounding box is detected or not , and the accuracy is the accuracy at which the predicted direction is in the correct direction . for each algorithm , we compute the ap when a bounding box is detected or not , and the average accuracy is the accuracy at which a bounding box is predicted .
first row represents spon , i . e . a relu layer followed by a residual connection . the second row removes the residual connection and replaces the non - negative activation layer relu with tanh that can take negative values . the third row replaces the non - negative activation layer relu with a tanh that can take negative values . the results show that our proposed spon model outperforms the alternatives by a significant margin on all the datasets .
, the average precision value obtained by spon as compared against the smoothed box model is 0 . 811 . with 13 , 089 test instances , the improvement in average precision values obtained by spon as compared against smoothed box model is statistically significant with two - tailed p values equals 0 . 00116 .
first - sentence and full - length baselines give relatively low rouge scores , with rouge scores of 28 . 6 , 17 . 3 , and 21 . 6 % , respectively . the ml + rl + intra - attn baseline gives even lower scores , at 42 . 94 and 26 . 02 , compared to 42 . 94 and 26 . 02 for the ml + rl + intra - attn baseline . the two - stage + rl model achieves the best rouge scores on both rouge - 1 and rouge - 2 . however , the intra - attention baseline only achieves a slightly lower score , at 26 . 53 .
can see that spon performs slightly better than crim on the music and medicine domains , while crim outperforms spon on the wine and science domains .
also shows the average embedding similarity scores between the output and the target output in terms of the real target output list . the embedding similarity scores of pre - trained greedy policy and rl beamsearch policy are higher than that of the real input , which indicates that the pre - trained greedy policy can generate outputs that are closer to the real target output than the rl greedy policy and rl beamsearch policy .
interestingly , sopams1 performs worse than sopams1sl on the roc dataset , while sopams1sl performs better than sopams1 on the sst dataset . we hypothesize that this is because the sst dataset has a much larger training set , which is more challenging for sopa .
cohen ’ s kappa score ( ) and observed agreement ( ao ) for the gold standard dialogue annotations are presented in table 4 . all annotators agree that the questions contain useful information for the dialog , and that the answers contain useful information for the dialog . the average agreement between the annotators for the features is 0 . 90 , which is higher than the average agreement between the annotators for the answers , at 0 . 59 .
can see that joint inception fixed outperforms other baselines on all datasets . doc2vec performs worse than inceptionfixed on the arxiv dataset , but inceptionfixed is better than doc2vec on the wikipedia dataset . doc2vec performs better than inceptionfixed on the arxiv dataset , but inceptionfixed is better than inceptionfixed on the wikipedia dataset . doc2vec performs worse than inceptionfixed on the arxiv dataset and inceptionfixed on the arxiv dataset . the joint model outperforms inception , bilstm and inceptionfixed on all datasets .
can see that the joint model makes very accurate predictions of the quality classes . however , it is prone to making wrong predictions due to the noise in the data . for example , the model makes incorrect predictions about the start of a sentence as a start of a story , but it makes incorrect predictions about the end of a story as a start .
use two large - scale data sets in our experiments . the first is ag news , which is a large - scale english news categorization data set with 7 . 6k labels . the second is sogou news , which is a small - scale chinese news categorization data set with 5k labels . the sogou data set is similar to the ag data set but with 5k labels , and it is a small - scale chinese news categorization data set .
can see that our model ( sememnn - ct ) performs better than the baseline sememnn on both data sets . b - semnn is better than sememnn on ag ( 5k ) and sogou ( 10k ) data sets , but worse than sab - semnn on sogou ( 5k ) .
all prefix models , all postfix models , all infix models , all pre - trained models , all non - pre - trained models , all medium size ( type 1 ) models , all small size ( type 2 ) models , and all minimal size ( type 3 ) models . all prefix models , all postfix models , all infix models , all pre - trained models , all non - pre - trained models , all pre - trained models , all medium size ( type 1 ) models , all small size ( type 2 ) models , and all small size ( type 3 ) models have improved over the non - pre - trained models by more than 0 . 8 bleu .
, wang et . al . the pre - trained model performs the best on ai2 , cc , il , and mawps , but performs poorly on mawps . we hypothesize that this is due to the difference between the data used for pre - training and the data used for fine - tuning . the fine - tuned model performs the best on ai2 , cc , and mawps , but performs poorly on mawps . we hypothesize that this is due to the difference between the data used for fine - tuning and fine - tuning .
can see that sumbt achieves a new state - of - the - art performance , outperforming state - of - the - art results reported in previous work . specifically , sumbt achieves a joint goal accuracy of 0 . 910 , which improves the current state - of - the - art result by 0 . 011 . compared with the slot - dependent sumbt ( baseline 1 ) , the slot - independent sumbt achieves better performance in joint goal accuracy , i . e . , 0 . 910 .
can see that sumbt achieves a new state - of - the - art performance , surpassing the previous state - of - the - art model by a significant margin .
sees a consistent gain of 0 . 24 % in accuracy for bert over the respective target corpora without any additional pre - training . we also see that bert fine - tuned on sst performs the best of all fine - tuning tasks with a gain of 0 . 24 in accuracy , demonstrating the effectiveness of the fine - tuned bert encoder in this task .
, we show that fine - tuning bert - based models on non - pretrained nli corpora results in a performance gain of up to 0 . 6 % . we also observe that bert - based models perform better than bert - based models on mnli , snli , and qnli . we hypothesize that this is because mnli , rte , and sst contain a large proportion of out - of - vocabulary words ( oovs ) that do not contribute to the overall accuracy of the target corpus . however , this outperforms bert - based models on qnli , mnli , and snli , which have a much smaller number of out - of - domain out - of - domain training data .
performs better than bert when transferring from mnli to qqp , rte , and snli , but does not perform as well as bert when transferring from the other nli corpora . we hypothesize that this is because bert is pre - trained on a different corpus than the target nli . hubert performs better when the source corpora are qqp and rte , but not when they are the target nli corpora . we hypothesize that this is because rte is a smaller corpus compared to the other nli corpora , and as a result , the bert model is better at transferring from one nli corpus to another .
unigrams and bigrams ( all features ) outperform the bag - of - words baseline on all datasets , with the exception of the icd - 9 weighted recall where the performance of the model using only unigrams slightly outperforms the bag - of - words baseline .
can see that the performance of pkc is on par with the full - precision models ( bert12 , bert12 - t ) and even outperforms the full - precision models ( bert12 - pkd , bert6 - pkd , bert3 - pkd ) on the inference tasks . moreover , the performance of pkc is comparable with the full - precision models ( bert12 - t ) and even outperforms them on some tasks ( mrpc , qqp , mnli , and rte ) .
observe that adabert achieves the best performance on most of the tasks . specifically , we observe the best performance on sst - 2 and mrpc , and the best performance on qqp , qnli , and rte . we also observe that there is no significant improvement on the other tasks .
can control the trade - off between model size and performance by varying . specifically , when = 0 , the model size is reduced to 7 . 5m and the performance is only slightly influenced by the performance loss . when = 4 , the model size is reduced to ( 6 . 4m ) and the performance is only slightly influenced by the performance loss . when = 8 , the model size is increased to ( 8 . 3m ) and the performance is only slightly affected .
further investigates the effect of different knowledge loss terms . the model trained with all the knowledge loss terms achieves the best performance on the four datasets . the model trained with all the knowledge loss terms achieves the best performance on the four datasets . the model trained with all the knowledge loss terms achieves the best performance on the four datasets .
, we observe that m - bert outperforms all the previous state of the art models by a significant margin . we observe that m - bert outperforms bert in all the metrics by a large margin , i . e . , m - bert outperforms bert in all the metrics by a large margin . we also observe that the correlation between the prediction result of m - bert and the human annotated sentiment scores is the highest which is 0 . 11 . this indicates that the human annotated sentiment scores are highly correlated with the human ratings which makes m - bert an effective model for sentiment analysis .
interestingly , the rl model ’ s inference time is lower than that of the gaussian mask only model for lengths of between 4 and 7 , whereas the attention model ’ s inference time increases only slightly when the length of the input increases . this is because the rl model has to compute attention scores for each position in the input , which can be computationally expensive .
fig . the me score is calculated for each test image , and for each threshold , the number of images for which the image falls below the threshold is reported . we observe that the classifier trained on imagenet has a better recall than the one trained on omniglot for all values of the me score .
firstly , we observe that hotflip alone can only bring a small improvement in the task success rate , whereas min - grad and soft - att can bring significant improvements , especially for blstm and transformer models . secondly , we observe that both min - grad and soft - att can significantly improve the task success rate , and that hotflip alone can bring a large improvement compared to min - grad and soft - att . moreover , we observe that the improvement of min - grad and soft - att over hotflip is much larger than that of min - grad and soft - att in both en - de and en - fr . we conjecture that this is due to the fact that min - grad and soft - att can help the model to learn better sentence representations , whereas hotflip can only help the model learn better sentence representations .
, denoted by lblstm1 and lblstm2 . we observe that hotflip improves translation quality over the baselines by a large margin , indicating that hotflip helps the decoders learn better representations . on the other hand , soft - att improves translation quality over the baselines by a smaller margin , indicating that it is more beneficial to model the decoder ’ s decoder ’ s decoder ’ s decoder ’ s latent representations .
, denoted as en - de and en - fr respectively . we can see that hotflip gives a significant performance boost when it is combined with other regularization methods . however , when hotflip is combined with soft - att , it gives a much smaller improvement , indicating that the proposed method is more robust and can be combined with other regularization methods to further improve performance .
also studied the relationship between the amount of noised bitext data and the sacrebleu degradation rate . we sampled bitext data randomly from the training data of both conll - ’ 12 and ’ 17 , and trained models on this noised data . we observe that the degradation is greatest for the model trained on 100 % noised bitext data , whereas the gap for the model trained on 0 % noised bitext is much smaller for the model trained on 80 % noised bitext data . this suggests that the models are sensitive to the amount of noise in the bitext training data .
, b . reverse models . the first row reports the bleu scores of the forward models trained with the data provided by gehring et al . the second row reports the bleu scores of the reverse models trained with the data provided by sennrich et al . the third row reports the bleu scores of the back - translation models trained with the data provided by newcitegering2016 . the fourth row reports the bleu scores of the back - translation models trained with the data provided by newcitesennrich2016 . the last row reports the bleu scores of the back - translation models trained with the data provided by newciteg gehring et al . newcitesennrich2016enroen models trained with the data provided by newcitesennrich2016enroen newcitegering2016enroen newcitesennrich2016bt . the back - translation models trained with the data provided by newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2017 newcitesennrich2017 newcitesennrich2017 newcitesennrich2017 newcitesennrich2017 newcitesennrich2017 newcitesennrich2017 newcitesennrich2017 newcitesennrich2017 newcitesennrich2017 newcitesennrich2017 newcitesennrich2017 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesennrich2016 newcitesen
taggedbt outperforms bitext and bt by a large margin on all test sets over the last 5 years , and achieves the new state - of - the - art result on wmt15 .
, we compute the attention sink ratio on the first and last token of each sentence , averaged over all the sentences in newstest14 . we see that , as expected , noised bt has a higher attention sink ratio than unnoised bt ( asr0 = 0 . 28 ) , as well as untagged bt ( asr | x | = 10 . 98 ) . taggedbt has a higher attention sink ratio than untagged bt ( asr0 = 5 . 31 ) , as well as untagged bt ( asr | x | = 7 . 33 ) .
decoding is done with a 5 - gram language model , = 1e4 , = 1e3 , = 1e5 and = 1e7 . we use a vocabulary size of 50 , 000 for taggedbt and 2000 for noisedbt , which is roughly the same size of vocabulary used in standard bt decoding . the performance of noisedbt is worse than that of taggedbt , but still better than that of noisedbt for most of the time periods .
can also be interpreted as a measure of the quality of back - translated parallel data : if a model is trained on source - target parallel data and then decodes newstest as if it were bitext , the source - target unigram overlap would be 10 % . this would indicate that bt models are better at modeling source - target syntactic dependencies than bitext models .
reuters - 8 dataset is a collection of news articles organized in eight major classes : acq , crude , earn , interest , money - fx , ship , and trade . each document is labeled by its author , with a unique identifier and a unique number in the reuters - 8 dataset . the reuters - 8 dataset consists of 8 news categories : acq , crude , earn , grain , interest , money - fx , ship , and trade . each document is labeled by at most one annotated by at least five different annotators . the reuters - 8 dataset is a collection of news articles organized in eight different categories : acq , crude , earn , money - fx , ship , and trade . reuters - 8 is a collection of news articles organized in eight categories : acq , crude , earn , ship , money - fx , crude , earn , money - fx , ship , and trade .
, we report the classification accuracy and standard deviation . as can be seen , sa , msm , tf - msm , lsa , and lsa with tfidfbow features achieved the highest classification accuracies . mnb , lsa , and svm achieved their highest classification accuracies with tfidfbow features . the highest classification accuracies were achieved by mnb with tfidfbow features .
compare our model against several state - of - the - art systems for nlp on multiple nlp datasets : errant , conll - 2014 , and multinli . for conll - 2014 , we outperform the previous state - of - the - art model chollampatt and ng however , for multinli , we are competitive with the previous state - of - the - art system and achieve the best f0 . 5 score on both datasets .
interestingly , in the antichat section of the data , 84 % of replies were classified as buy - related messages , while in the hackforums section of the data , 86 % of replies were classified as other . the distribution of these labels is similar across the two datasets , with a slightly higher label for buy - related messages in the antichat section and a lower label for sell - related messages in the hackforums section .
can see that on both datasets , our model outperforms all the baselines . on product , our model outperforms all the baselines . on hack forums , our model outperforms all the baselines except for bilstm . on antichat and hack forums , our model outperforms all the baselines except for bilstm .
can see that our proposed pooling strategy ( [ cls ] ) outperforms the other methods in all of the tasks . specifically , on the task of entailment , our method ( [ sep ] ) achieves an accuracy of 89 . 3 % , which is an improvement of 2 . 4 % over the state - of - the - art method ( [ cls ] ) in the semantic similarity task . on the other hand , on the task of surface information , our method ( [ sep ] ) is only able to achieve an accuracy of 66 . 1 % , which is lower than the state - of - the - art .
can see that fine - tuning the pre - trained bert embeddings on in - domain datasets improves the performance significantly on both map and p @ k . for insuranceqa , the fine - tuned bert embeddings outperform the pre - trained embeddings on snli , but not on wikipassageqa . this indicates that fine - tuning the pre - trained bert embeddings on in - domain datasets is beneficial for the downstream qa task .
compare our results with those of bokaei and mahmoudi bokaei and mahmoudi we also compared our results with those of shahshahani et al . our model outperforms all the previous methods in both of the datasets .
can observe that morphobert and beheshti - ner - 1 , which used a combination of pre - trained language models and a large amount of out - of - domain data , outperformed the other systems submitted by the participating teams . interestingly , the system submitted a system that did not outperform the system submitted by the participating teams . this could be attributed to the fact that the system was not pretrained on a large amount of out - of - domain data .
sees that the machine terms are highly correlated with their corresponding terms in the glove embedding space . for example , “ stroke ” has a high score of 0 . 919 on the medical device domain , and “ sports rehab ” has a high score of 0 . 836 on the sports rehab domain . the same pattern is observed for other machine terms .
textcolorblack - wikipedia commons attributes wikidata has a richer set of attributes than wikipedia . textcolorblack - wikipedia commons attributes have a richer set of attributes than wikipedia commons attributes , and textcolorblack - wikipedia commons attributes have a richer set of attributes than wikipedia commons attributes , and textcolorblack - wikipedia commons attributes have a richer set of attributes than wikipedia commons attributes , and textcolorblack - wikipedia commons attributes have a richer set of attributes than wikipedia commons attributes , and they are trained to predict textcolorblack - wikipedia commons attributes , and they are trained to be textcolorblack - wikipedia commons attributes are trained to be textcolorblack , textcolorblack - wt , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolorblack , textcolor , textcolor , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text , text ,
, ii ) source , iii ) target , iv ) source - target , iv ) source - to - target , iv ) source - to - target , iv ) source - to - target , iv ) source - to - target , iv ) source - to - target , iv ) source - to - target , iv ) source - to - target , iv ) source - to - target , iv ) source - to - target , iv ) v ) the source - to - target , iv ) target - to - target , iv ) target - to - target , iv ) source - to - target , iv ) target - to - target , iv ) source - to - target , iv ) target - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) target - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) target - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) source - to - target , v ) target - to , v ) source - to , v ) target - to , v ) target - to , v ) target - to , v ) source - to , v ) target - to , v ) target - to , v ) target - to ,
, we report results in terms of bleu score , which is the harmonic mean of bleu scores over translations , in which bleu scores are normalized by their distance to the reference translation . we report results in terms of bleu score , which is the harmonic mean of bleu scores over translations , in which bleu scores are normalized by their distance to the reference translation , in which bleu scores are normalized by their distance to the reference translation , and in which bleu scores are calculated .
can see that the golve - based ml model outperforms the state - of - the - art models for intent detection and slot filling tasks . the performance of golve - based ml model for intent detection and slot filling is very close to that of the state - of - the - art models .
was able to provide answers to my questions on average ( 16 . 7 % vs . 16 . 7 % ) , was able to “ understand ” my questions ( 16 . 7 % vs . 16 . 7 % ) , was able to provide answers to my questions ( 33 . 3 % vs . 33 . 3 % ) , was able to provide answers in a reasonable time ( 16 . 7 % vs . 16 . 7 % ) , and was able to provide answers in a reasonable time ( 33 . 3 % vs . 33 . 3 % ) . in general , the majority of the users found the provided answers informative and fluent , while only a small proportion of users found the provided answers to be suitable for the task ( 33 . 3 % vs . 16 . 7 % ) .
, we compare against a number of state - of - the - art unsupervised inference approaches , including bm25 [ lee2018unsupervised ] , tf * idf [ lee2018unsupervised ] , and rnn - cnn [ lee2018rethinking ] which are based on a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) model with attention . we find that rnn - cnn outperforms rnn by a large margin on the insuranceqa dataset , and is on par with rnn - cnn on the other seven datasets . the rnn - cnn outperforms rnn - cnn by a large margin on all of the datasets . we attribute this improvement to the fact that rnn - cnn has access to the entire training set , while rnn - cnn only accesses a subset of the training set .
interestingly , the rnd performs better than the upper bound , in some cases by a large margin ( e . g . on czech vs . english ) , but this is only the case for a random ranker , and a very small one at that ( german vs . english ) . in general , the results are similar to those obtained by the syntactic rankers , with the exception of czech , where the rnd performs slightly better than the upper bound .
inductive hierarchies : in this section , we present the results of induced hierarchies , i . e . , how the semantic representations differ from the original representations in different languages . in the following , we present the results of induced hierarchies , i . e . , how the semantic representations differ from the original representations .
performs better on de - test than en - test , and worse on en - train than de - train . the global ranker performs worse on de - test than en - train , and worse on en - test than rnd .
results for the egfr and kras datasets can be found in the appendix . the ndcg score for the egfr test set is 0 . 624 , which is higher than the ndcg score for the kras test set ( 0 . 460 ) obtained by bold > auto - rank + feat , which is higher than the ndcg score obtained by bold > auto - rank + bm25 , which is higher than the ndcg score obtained by bold > auto - rank + feat , which is higher than the ndcg score obtained by bold > auto - rank + feat , which is the highest score obtained for the kras test set .
newciteschulz2019a report macro - f1 scores following schulz et al . the bilstm achieves equal macro - f1 scores to flair when using fasttext embeddings bojanowski et al . this architecture is also equal to flair when only using fasttext embeddings bojanowski et al . ub reports the human upper bound ( inter - annotator agreement ) for each of the epistemic activities , indicating room for improvement .
using bert logits + tagged spans further improves precision , recall , and f1 by a large margin , achieving a new state - of - the - art of 0 . 65 f1 score on the development set .
college st . hugh ’ s college degreemaster by research degreedatetrinity 2016 romanpages contents although machine translation has been a subject of interest in the research community since the late 1940s statistical machine translation makes use of parallel data to automatically infer rules which can later be combined to produce translations of input sentences . as with most natural language systems employing statistical models , the quality of translation systems increases as more data is used to train the underlying models . scalability is a key concern in machine translation , as one would like to use as much data as possible when building a translation system . this chapter presents a brief introduction to statistical machine translation . our goal is to explain how a translation system works , as we prepare the reader for the topics covered in the next chapters . we discuss the standard approaches employed by each component of a translation system and show where difficulties arise when the amount of memory is limited . we compare two formalisms that lie at the foundation of most translation systems in use today : finite state transducers and synchronous context free grammars . we focus our exposition on the topics relevant for reaching the goal of constructing a compact translation system and refer the interested reader to newcitelopez2008b for a thorough review of statical machine translation . online grammar extractors the traditional approach for storing translation models in memory is achieved with the help of phrase tables , dictionary - like data structures that map all source phrases from the training corpus to their target side correspondents . phrase tables often become unmanageably large , especially in the case of hierarchical phrase - based systems , which make use of translation rules containing gaps . online grammar extractors avoid loading all translation rules into memory by constructing memory efficient data structures on top of them . phrase tables often become unmanageably large , especially in the case of hierarchical phrase - based systems , which make use of translation rules containing gaps . online grammar extractors avoid loading all translation rules into memory by constructing memory maps in memory . phrase tables often become unmanageably large , especially in the case of hierarchical phrase - based systems , which make use of long phrases . phrase tables often become unmanageably large , especially in the case of hierarchical phrase - based systems , which make use of long phrases . phrase tables often become unmanage
rocchio & reinforce outperform the other two systems for all metrics and ranking schemes . rocchio & reinforce + relevance outperforms rocchio & reinforce + relevance for all metrics and ranking schemes . for ndcg @ 10 and map , rocchio & reinforce + relevance performs better than auto - ref .
, we are the first to report results on this dataset and the second to report results on the wmt - 16 english corpus . we are the first to report results on this dataset and the third to report results on the wmt - 16 english corpus . we are the first to report results on this dataset and the fourth to report results on the wmt - 16 english corpus . we are the first to report results on this dataset and the fourth to report results on the wmt - 16 english corpus . we are the first to report results on the wmt - 16 english corpus . we are the first to report results on this dataset and the fifth to report results on the wmt - 16 english corpus .
lastly , we perform a refinement step on the generated data . the refinement terms are defined as follows : ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , ptkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik3ca , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , pkik , p
, we reproduce the results of the svm ( original ) and mlp ( reproduced ) , as well as the results of the bilstm and the ensemble bilstm , both trained on the new data . we also reproduce the results of the svm ( original ) and mlp ( reproduced ) , as they are much more robust than the original models . we also reproduce the results of the svm ( original ) and mlp ( reproduced ) , as they are much more robust than the original models . the ensemble bilstm , trained on both the original and the new data , significantly outperforms both the svm and mlp ( reproduced ) on both the rmse score and the quantile weighted quaternion rank .
sees that sel outperforms size on all corpora , but is significantly outperformed by size on brown and reuters .
mean error rates e ( t ) per text and strategy for easy and hard decoding respectively . for example , for textt1 and textt4 with def , the error rate e ( t ) of textt1 and textt4 with size differs by a large from that of textt1 . similarly , for textt1 and textt4 with def , the error rate e ( t ) of textt2 and textt4 with size differs by a large . we hypothesize that this is due to the fact that textt1 and textt4 have very different lexical structures , and thus different vocabularies , making it difficult for the model to find a suitable lexical structure .
lexicon - freeze improves the f1 - m score for both the data - baseline and lexicon - free models , but the improvement is not as large as for the data - baseline . the f1 - m score without lexicon is even lower than the data - baseline , but it is still higher than the framenet data - base . this indicates that leveraging external lexicons is a viable strategy to improve the f1 - m score for the framenet model .
, we compare our method with state - of - the - art methods for image captioning , including cnn + att ( aneja2018convolutional ) , soft - attention ( xu2015show ) , cnn + att ( aneja2018convolutional ) , adaptive ( lu2017knowing ) , and self - attentive ( rennie2017self ) . specifically , our method outperforms the scst ( lu2017knowing ) and other baseline methods in terms of all the five automatic evaluation metrics and achieves the best performance in terms of all of the five automatic evaluation metrics . specifically , our method outperforms the scst in terms of bleu - 1 , bleu - 2 , meteor , rouge , and cider by a large margin . specifically , our method achieves a bleu - 4 score of 69 . 5 , which is better than the previous state - of - the - art .
summarized results from three recent systems : pgc see17 , fas chen18 , and bus gehrmann18 . we find that all three summarization systems produce substantially shorter summaries than current summarization models , with the exception of bus gehrmann18 , which produces longer summaries ( 54 . 4 vs . 54 . 4 ) . in contrast , pgc see17 synthesizes longer summaries , with an average summary length of 59 . 7 , compared to 36 . 3 and 38 . 53 % for fas and bus respectively .
nli models outperform the baselines on both datasets , but da performs the best . sse performs the best in the validation set but underperforms on the test set . bert performs the worst in the validation set . esim performs the best in the validation set but underperforms on the test set . infersent performs the worst in the validation set but outperforms in the test set . bert performs the worst in the validation set .
unlike english , french has a much richer grammar than english : there are more rules for conjugations and nouns , for instance , there are more rules for adjectives and nouns than for prepositions .
, we compare the bless and bibless results in both the full and the disjoint setups . specifically , we compare the gl and sg variants with the full and disjoint versions of dbless and bibless . specifically , we compare the sg and sg variants with the full and disjoint versions of dbless and wbless , and with the disjoint versions of wbless and bibless . specifically , we compare the sg and sg variants with the full and disjoint versions of dbless and wbless , as well as with the full version of wbless and bibless . specifically , we compare the sg and sg variants with the full and disjoint versions of dbless and wbless , as well as with the full version of wbless and with the disjoint version of bibless . specifically , we compare the sg and sg variants with the full and disjoint versions of dbless and bibless , as well as with the full version of wbless and with the disjoint version of bibless . specifically , we compare the sg and sg variants with the full and disjoint versions of dbless , as well as with the full version of wbless and with the disjoint version of bibless . specifically , we compare the sg and sg variants of dbless to the full version of wbless , as well as the disjoint version of bibless . specifically , we compare the sg and sg variants of dbless to the full version of wbless , as well as the disjoint version of bibless . specifically , we compare the sg and sg variants of dbless to the full version of wbless , as well as the disjoint version of bibless . specifically , we compare the sg and sg variants of dbless to the full version of wbless , as well as the disjoint version of bibless . specifically , we compare the sg and sg variants of dbless and wbless , as well as the disjoint versions of wbless and bibless
, we see that the random and distributional variants of the lasso outperform the corresponding baselines in all cases , with the postle variant outperforming the distributional variant in all cases .
report the maximum f1 score , the maximum f1 score of the mina classifier , and the f1 score of the head classifier . the table also shows the average f1 score over the ensembles .
experiment 1 was a simple random regression model trained on a data set that did not contain any outliers . the quality of the model was evaluated using mean squared error ( mse ) and root - mean - squared error ( r2 ) , which are two commonly used metrics for evaluating quality of a regression model . in experiment 2 , we used a pre - trained model that had been validated on the training set . the trained model was then used to make predictions on the test set based on the validation set . the results show that the regression model ’ s predictions were of good quality .
pos - han outperforms pos - cnn and st - cnn on all datasets . pos - han also performs better than st - cnn and pos - cnn on cat10 and blogs50 datasets . pos - han also performs better than st - cnn and pos - cnn on blogs50 dataset .
can be seen that the accuracy of syntactic - han is lower than that of lexical - han on blogs , but higher than that of syntactic - han on ccat10 and blogs50 . style - han outperforms both of them , and achieves the best results on both datasets .
can see that the combined approach performs better than the parallel approach on all the three datasets . the reason is that the fusion approach learns the weights of different classes simultaneously which is more efficient than learning weights for all the classes separately . moreover , the performance of the parallel approach is lower than that of the combined approach on ccat10 and blog50 datasets . this is because the weights of different classes in ccat50 are very different from those in blog50 , therefore , it is more difficult to fuse the weights of different classes in the same dataset .
style - han outperforms all the baseline models on ccat10 and blogs50 datasets with an average accuracy of 90 . 58 , 82 . 35 % and 72 . 83 % , respectively . the best accuracy on ccat10 and blogs50 is achieved by style - han with an average accuracy of 61 . 19 % on ccat10 and 61 . 19 % on blogs50 . the accuracy of style - han on ccat10 and blogs50 is 90 . 58 % and 82 . 35 % , respectively .
lstmc + lstmr achieves the best performance in terms of f1 - score for both the sentiment and non - speech categories . lstmc + lstmr outperforms the c + lstmr baseline in terms of f1 - score for both the sentiment and non - speech categories . lstmc + lstmr outperforms the c + lstmr baseline in terms of f1 - score for the sentiment and non - speech categories .
using svm with bag - of - words representations ( svmc + rbl ) , we can see that svmc + rbl outperforms svm and lstm with bag - of - words representations . however , lstmc + lstmr performs slightly better than lstmc + lstmr . this may be due to the fact that lstmc + lstmr uses bag - of - words representations for encoding sentences , while bag - of - words representations are only based on word embeddings .
, we report the performance of the baselines ( svm , rf ) and the proposed multiuniformuniform approach , which combines the textual and visual features . we observe that the multimodal approach consistently outperforms the unimodal approach . for instance , the f - score increases from 49 . 8 % ( random ) to 71 . 6 % ( svm ) when we combine textual and visual features .
, we report the performance of the baselines , i . e . , svm , rf and ml classifiers . the multi - modal representations outperform the single - modal representations for all the classifiers , i . e . , multiunimodaltexttextvtexta , and multiunimodaltexta + vtextvtexta , respectively . the performance of the multiunimodaltexttextvtexta + vtexttextvtexttextvtexttextvtexttextvtexttextvtexttexttexttexttextvtexttexttexttexttexttexttextvtexttextvtexttexta + vtexttextttexttextvtexttextvtexttextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvtextvvtextvtextvvtextvvtextvvvtextvvvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvtvt
best setup ( t + v ) consists of features from both a speaker independent model and a speaker dependent model . the best f - score is achieved by combining the best features from both the speaker dependent and speaker independent models .
